['"Summer Safety Tips for Your Children" is the title for "The New York Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children (NYSPCC), the first child protection agency in the world, wants all children to have a safe and happy summer. Here are our tips for keeping children safe.", and "Summer Camp Safety: Essential Questions Parents Should Ask" is the title for "Don\'t be afraid to ask these and other questions before you entrust your child to a summer camp. It\'s important to ensure that your children have a wonderful, exciting and safe experience.", and "Stop Bullying: Teach Your Child Empathy and Limit Their Intake of Violence" is the title for "Your child has been known to bully. You, as a parent, may be struggling with how to stop this behavior. I have two suggestions that go hand-in-hand: Teach empathy and try to eliminate the violence that they take in on a daily basis through videos, the Internet, movies and games.", and "Talking to Your Child About the Dark Knight Shooting in Colorado" is the title for "Stick to the facts. When they do raise it, you can ask, "What do you want to know about the Dark Knight shooting in Colorado", and "Talking to Your Child About the School Shooting in Newtown, CT" is the title for "This heartbreaking tragedy really strikes close to home for parents of young children. And, it\'s normal to worry about how to have a conversation with your child about this tragic event.".Generate a headline for the following article: Here are a few tips to keep your teen safe when using the Internet and other web-based technologies. If you think it\'s an awkward conversation; you can hand them this blog to read.', '"Summer Camp Safety: Essential Questions Parents Should Ask" is the title for "Don\'t be afraid to ask these and other questions before you entrust your child to a summer camp. It\'s important to ensure that your children have a wonderful, exciting and safe experience.", and "Talking to Your Child About the School Shooting in Newtown, CT" is the title for "This heartbreaking tragedy really strikes close to home for parents of young children. And, it\'s normal to worry about how to have a conversation with your child about this tragic event.", and "Parent Alert: Tips for Keeping Your Children Safe this Summer" is the title for "Summer is full of activities that your child should enjoy to the fullest. Unfortunately, it can also be a time of injuries, and no parent wants their child to end up in the emergency room.", and "Home Alone After School: Is Your Child Ready?" is the title for "Parents need to be sure their children have the skills and maturity to handle being alone safely, as well as be aware of the laws in their state regarding this issue. Being trusted to stay home alone can be a positive experience for a child who is mature and well-prepared.", and "Protecting your child after a disclosure of sexual abuse:  What parents need to know. By Mary L. Pulido, Ph.D." is the title for "Since the Penn State scandal, questions about protecting children from sexual abuse seem to be on parents\' minds all the time.".Generate a headline for the following article: The New York Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children (NYSPCC), the first child protection agency in the world, wants all children to have a safe and happy summer. Here are our tips for keeping children safe.', '"Talking to Your Child About the School Shooting in Newtown, CT" is the title for "This heartbreaking tragedy really strikes close to home for parents of young children. And, it\'s normal to worry about how to have a conversation with your child about this tragic event.", and "Summer Safety Tips for Your Children" is the title for "The New York Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children (NYSPCC), the first child protection agency in the world, wants all children to have a safe and happy summer. Here are our tips for keeping children safe.", and "Walking Alone: When is My Child Ready?" is the title for "Parents often ask me about the age at which a child is ready to walk to school -- or anywhere in the neighborhood -- alone.", and "Parent Alert: Tips for Keeping Your Children Safe this Summer" is the title for "Summer is full of activities that your child should enjoy to the fullest. Unfortunately, it can also be a time of injuries, and no parent wants their child to end up in the emergency room.", and "Summer Camp Safety: Essential Questions Parents Should Ask" is the title for "Don\'t be afraid to ask these and other questions before you entrust your child to a summer camp. It\'s important to ensure that your children have a wonderful, exciting and safe experience.".Generate a headline for the following article: Parents need to be sure their children have the skills and maturity to handle being alone safely, as well as be aware of the laws in their state regarding this issue. Being trusted to stay home alone can be a positive experience for a child who is mature and well-prepared.', '"10 New Books Everyone Should Read This Summer" is the title for "So many books, so few hours at the beach! Get your summer reading on with these 10 great novels that will take you near and far, from the present to the past. Don\'t forget the sunscreen!", and "Why You Should Save for College" is the title for "Encourage your children to go to college. If you can, save a little -- or a lot -- to help them with the financial burden that being a student brings. Make sure they know that you value a college degree from early on.", and "Why The Empty Nest Can Be A Very Scary Place" is the title for "One of the more challenging things when your kids leave home is adapting to the quiet of an empty nest. Despite a fundamentally good marriage, there are hours...days...sometimes longer when my husband and I don\'t have much to say to each other. It\'s not that he\'s not interesting -- and it\'s certainly not that I\'m not fascinating -- it\'s just that some days we run out of energy.", and "Why You Should Think Twice Before Using The Word \'Bully\'" is the title for "I think the word bullying is overused in general -- with both adults and minors. We see the word being used inappropriately or out of context in many cases today... I think society has co-opted this term, which is sad, because it is actually weakening it and people are not taking it serious as they should.", and "4 Things You Shouldn\'t Do On Facebook" is the title for "Facebook is a SOCIAL network. Social means interactive. Everything you post on Facebook can evoke a response from friends. And if, after sharing something, you don\'t think your post is funny, or smart, or relevant, or interesting -- you can delete it. Here\'s what not to post on Facebook.".Generate a headline for the following article: There is no right way to raise your children. There is no hard and fast rule about what will work in your home, with your particular family, your child\'s unique personality, the circumstances you are in, the luck or challenges that come your way.', '"\'Mad Men\' and Memories We Didn\'t Know We Have" is the title for "The trick of "Mad Men" is that we all watch it and see what\'s being done so utterly wrong by the characters. We judge them for the choices they make with the wisdom of 45 years of history and change that they could never have predicted.", and "The Art of Parenting" is the title for "There is no right way to raise your children. There is no hard and fast rule about what will work in your home, with your particular family, your child\'s unique personality, the circumstances you are in, the luck or challenges that come your way.", and "Why Am I So Tired All The Time?" is the title for "At lunch the other day with two of my oldest -- but definitely not OLDEST -- friends, one of them asked: \'Do you have days when you just can\'t get out of bed?\' Well, yes. As a matter of fact, I do. There are also days when I just don\'t WANT to get out of bed -- and therein lies the problem.", and "Why You Should Save for College" is the title for "Encourage your children to go to college. If you can, save a little -- or a lot -- to help them with the financial burden that being a student brings. Make sure they know that you value a college degree from early on.", and "Why The Empty Nest Can Be A Very Scary Place" is the title for "One of the more challenging things when your kids leave home is adapting to the quiet of an empty nest. Despite a fundamentally good marriage, there are hours...days...sometimes longer when my husband and I don\'t have much to say to each other. It\'s not that he\'s not interesting -- and it\'s certainly not that I\'m not fascinating -- it\'s just that some days we run out of energy.".Generate a headline for the following article: So many books, so few hours at the beach! Get your summer reading on with these 10 great novels that will take you near and far, from the present to the past. Don\'t forget the sunscreen!', '"Alabama Congressman: Democrats’ ‘War On Whites’ Behind Jeff Sessions Criticism" is the title for "Rep. Mo Brooks defended the U.S. attorney general nominee from charges of racism, claiming Democrats are the ones with the race problem.", and "These Are The American Cities With The Most Abandoned Houses" is the title for "The struggles in Flint, Michigan, go far beyond the water crisis.", and "Michigan Residents Are Pretty Unhappy With Rick Snyder" is the title for "The Michigan governor\'s approval rating has dropped sharply since Flint\'s lead poisoning disaster came to light.", and "Dutch Lawmakers Make ‘Historic’ Move To Expand Legal Pot Policy" is the title for "A bill that would decriminalize marijuana growing has cleared the lower house of Parliament.", and "Detroit Just Named A Street After Stevie Wonder, And He\'s Thrilled" is the title for ""I want all of us to walk down the street that leads us to a place of humanity and equality, of fairness and respect for each other."".Generate a headline for the following article: "Flint was a casualty of arrogance, disdain and a failure of management," Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette said.', '"Evidence In Renisha McBride Case Will Show Shooting Was \'Justified,\' Says Homeowner\'s Lawyer" is the title for "The case has received national attention, with many wondering how a young woman looking for help could end up dead, and why", and "Protesters Urge Electoral College To Stop Donald Trump" is the title for "The last-ditch effort calls on electors to remember “their Constitutional duty” when they cast their ballots for president Monday.", and "Tim Cook Sends Memo To Reassure Apple Employees After Trump\'s Win" is the title for ""Apple’s North Star hasn’t changed," the company\'s CEO wrote to U.S. employees Wednesday.", and "Protests Over Trump’s Executive Order Pause For Moments Of Prayer" is the title for "Demonstrators protesting the ban targeting refugees put down their signs for people to use as prayer mats.", and "Seth Meyers Grills Kellyanne Conway On Donald Trump\'s Russia Ties" is the title for "The late-night host refused to let her steer the interview away from explosive allegations about the president-elect\'s connections to Russia.".Generate a headline for the following article: About 20 Michigan employees have taken their case to the National Labor Review Board.', '"Right-Wing Troll Milo Yiannopoulos Inspires Free Speech Bill" is the title for "The so-called Milo Bill would protect “stifled” conservatives at Tennessee colleges.", and "Cyclists Shouldn’t Have To Risk Their Lives Just To Use The Road" is the title for "A crash that killed five cyclists in Michigan has activists calling for streets that are safe for everyone.", and "What Frank Lloyd Wright\'s Palmer House Can Teach Us About Relaxation (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Photo courtesy the Palmer House. "The more time you spend in the house, the more riveting it becomes," Cox said. "You listen", and "Betsy DeVos Booed During Speech At Historically Black College" is the title for "The secretary of education has been criticized for "whitewashing" the history of historically black universities.", and "Eminem\'s Childhood Home In Detroit Burns After Woman Tried To Purchase It" is the title for "The house will look familiar to fans of the Detroit MC. It appears on the cover of Eminem\'s 2000 release "The Marshall Mathers".Generate a headline for the following article: A bill that would decriminalize marijuana growing has cleared the lower house of Parliament.', '"Michigan Fights To Avoid Delivering Water To Flint Residents" is the title for "The ongoing crisis has left the city without safe drinking water for over two years, but the state claims water deliveries are too much to ask.", and "Woman Puts Congressman On Blast After Government Shutdown Hurts Chance For Cancer Treatment" is the title for "Klein did not literally have her cancer trial closed. She was not scheduled for treatment, but told West Michigan news station", and "Detroit\'s Stunning Architectural Ruins, And Why Documenting Its Faded Glory Matters" is the title for "Woodward Presbyterian, architect Sidney Rose Badgley, 1908. Jarmain, who has been shooting in the city since 2008 with the", and "Arrest Warrants Issued For Tea Party Lawmakers Who Covered Up Affair" is the title for ""No one is above the law, not even those who walk in the halls of power."", and "Donald Trump Calls Portland Hate Attack \'Unacceptable\'" is the title for "His tweet comes more than two days after the act of anti-Muslim violence that claimed two lives.".Generate a headline for the following article: Since then, the airline has stumbled through not one, but two, public relations disasters.', '"Texas Lawmaker Calls ICE On Group Protesting Anti-Immigrant Law" is the title for "State Rep. Matt Rinaldi\'s call sparked an altercation with colleagues in the Mexican American Legislative Caucus.", and "Anne Frank Was A Refugee, Too" is the title for "Her story is a warning about the tragic consequences of turning desperate people away.", and "Alabama Congressman: Democrats’ ‘War On Whites’ Behind Jeff Sessions Criticism" is the title for "Rep. Mo Brooks defended the U.S. attorney general nominee from charges of racism, claiming Democrats are the ones with the race problem.", and "NPR Reporter Squashes Question About ‘Vetting’ Puerto Ricans" is the title for "“We don’t vet people that move from one state to another, from one part of America to another. That’s their right as Americans.”", and "Black Congressman Who Wants To Impeach Trump Now Receiving Lynching Threats" is the title for "“You’ll be hanging from a tree,” one anonymous caller said in a message for Rep. Al Green (D-Texas).".Generate a headline for the following article: State rep allegedly wanted to distract from affair with fake story about gay sex.', '"New Nike Ad With LeBron James, Serena Williams Makes Forceful Call For Equality" is the title for "The campaign comes after the company blasted President Donald Trump\'s immigration ban for threatening diversity.", and "Holocaust Survivor Delivers Scathing Testimony About ICE Arrests" is the title for "“My family members were picked up in the streets of Paris in the very same way."", and "Cinco De Mayo Parade Organizers Cancel Celebration Over Fears Of ICE Crackdown" is the title for "Organizers of the annual event in Philadelphia said it\'s not the time for a joyful celebration.", and "Artist Creates Lead-Infused Tribute To Governor Who Oversaw Flint Crisis" is the title for ""I wanted to make sort of an ugly portrait of an ugly guy."", and "Civil Rights Groups Pressure Senate To Reject Trump\'s Supreme Court Nominee" is the title for "They condemn Judge Neil Gorsuch\'s stance on a long list of issues, including reproductive rights, immigration and protections for workers.".Generate a headline for the following article: The agents were “conducting a targeted enforcement action,” an immigration official said.', '"Activists Say Betsy DeVos\' Nomination Puts Kids\' Civil Rights On The Line" is the title for "Trump\'s pick for Department of Education head faces questions about her experience at a confirmation hearing Tuesday.", and "Chicago Cop Loses Police Powers In Off-Duty Killing Of Unarmed Man" is the title for "“It was not justified. It wasn’t justified. It was not,” Jose Nieves\' father said.", and "Music Is The Missing Link In Detroit\'s Recovery" is the title for "As for Motown, it wasn’t just the quality of the music that made Hitsville U.S.A. stand out so prominently, it was the jobs", and "Amazon’s Flying Warehouse Idea Isn’t Even Its Biggest Challenge" is the title for "Before it starts building airships, it\'s fighting just to get U.S. drone delivery off the ground.", and "Homeownership In The U.S. Has Plummeted, But Not By Choice" is the title for "The lingering effects of the economic crisis are creating obstacles for most families who want to buy homes.".Generate a headline for the following article: It\'s a key economic issue, but good luck hearing about it at a debate.', '"Critics Blast People Magazine Cover Celebrating Trump’s Win" is the title for "They accused the magazine of pandering despite a former writer accusing Trump of sexual assault.", and "How To Volunteer Over The Holidays -- And Into The New Year" is the title for "Here are some of the many ways you can help nonprofit groups in your community.", and "How Planting Trees Helped This Ex-Offender Turn His Life Around" is the title for "The documentary “City of Trees” follows an organization that connects park revitalization and green job training for residents shut out of the workforce.", and "Lawmakers Send Messages Of Support After Shots Fired At Congressmen" is the title for "House Majority Whip Steve Scalise is reportedly in stable condition after being shot in the hip.", and "\'Dedicate Your Vote To A Woman\' Tweets Show Just How Far We’ve Come" is the title for "Here\'s to all the women who made this historic election possible.".Generate a headline for the following article: Despite large swaths of vacant land, many buildings are being developed, and the city\'s downtown is full of renovated historic', '"New Nike Ad With LeBron James, Serena Williams Makes Forceful Call For Equality" is the title for "The campaign comes after the company blasted President Donald Trump\'s immigration ban for threatening diversity.", and "Hillary Clinton: Portland Attack ‘Showed Us The Best And Worst Of Humanity’" is the title for "She connected the horrific attack to the White House’s “Muslim ban” and its "attack on civil rights."", and "Seth Meyers Grills Kellyanne Conway On Donald Trump\'s Russia Ties" is the title for "The late-night host refused to let her steer the interview away from explosive allegations about the president-elect\'s connections to Russia.", and "Seattle Cuts Ties With Wells Fargo To Protest Dakota Access Pipeline Funding" is the title for "It\'s the first major city to pull funds from a bank for financing the controversial project.", and "How Planting Trees Helped This Ex-Offender Turn His Life Around" is the title for "The documentary “City of Trees” follows an organization that connects park revitalization and green job training for residents shut out of the workforce.".Generate a headline for the following article: The organization said the decision to ban trips to the United States stems from a commitment to inclusivity and diversity.', '"Detroit School Crisis Goes Way Beyond A Couple Days Of Missed Class" is the title for "Schools reopened after two days of teacher protests, but the beleaguered district is still set to run out of cash.", and "Activists Say Betsy DeVos\' Nomination Puts Kids\' Civil Rights On The Line" is the title for "Trump\'s pick for Department of Education head faces questions about her experience at a confirmation hearing Tuesday.", and "Betsy DeVos Booed During Speech At Historically Black College" is the title for "The secretary of education has been criticized for "whitewashing" the history of historically black universities.", and "New Nike Ad With LeBron James, Serena Williams Makes Forceful Call For Equality" is the title for "The campaign comes after the company blasted President Donald Trump\'s immigration ban for threatening diversity.", and "Trapped In An Internet Desert, Detroit Teens Struggle To Stay Online" is the title for "Many without computers or reliable internet rely on free computer labs or public WiFi networks to do their homework.".Generate a headline for the following article: Critics worry Donald Trump\'s pick for education secretary would let public schools crumble and charter schools run free.', '"Betsy DeVos\' Track Record Doesn\'t Back Up Her Education Promises" is the title for "Critics worry Donald Trump\'s pick for education secretary would let public schools crumble and charter schools run free.", and "It’s Time For Presidential Candidates To Talk About The New Housing Crisis" is the title for "It\'s a key economic issue, but good luck hearing about it at a debate.", and "Betsy DeVos Booed During Speech At Historically Black College" is the title for "The secretary of education has been criticized for "whitewashing" the history of historically black universities.", and "Anne Frank Was A Refugee, Too" is the title for "Her story is a warning about the tragic consequences of turning desperate people away.", and "Oakland Artists Take On Gentrification As Tech Boom Threatens Their City" is the title for "An installation at the Oakland Museum of California looks at the changes through residents’ eyes.".Generate a headline for the following article: Trump\'s pick for Department of Education head faces questions about her experience at a confirmation hearing Tuesday.', '"Eminem\'s Childhood Home In Detroit Burns After Woman Tried To Purchase It" is the title for "The house will look familiar to fans of the Detroit MC. It appears on the cover of Eminem\'s 2000 release "The Marshall Mathers", and "Here’s How The World Can Adapt To The Rapid Rise Of Cities" is the title for "More than half of the people on the planet live in cities -- so it\'s more important than ever for countries to make a plan for sustainable growth.", and "Oakland Artists Take On Gentrification As Tech Boom Threatens Their City" is the title for "An installation at the Oakland Museum of California looks at the changes through residents’ eyes.", and "Homeownership In The U.S. Has Plummeted, But Not By Choice" is the title for "The lingering effects of the economic crisis are creating obstacles for most families who want to buy homes.", and "Girl Guides Of Canada Halts Travel To U.S. Over Border Concerns" is the title for "The organization said the decision to ban trips to the United States stems from a commitment to inclusivity and diversity.".Generate a headline for the following article: Fans of Eminem will recognize the building from the cover of 2000\'s "Marshall Mathers LP." The rapper, who used to live at', '"Detroit Just Named A Street After Stevie Wonder, And He\'s Thrilled" is the title for ""I want all of us to walk down the street that leads us to a place of humanity and equality, of fairness and respect for each other."", and "24 Really Inventive Ways To Make A Small Space More Livable" is the title for "We\'ve already covered some of the best ways to create storage when you\'re living in a tiny space, and fortunately, there", and "Homeownership In The U.S. Has Plummeted, But Not By Choice" is the title for "The lingering effects of the economic crisis are creating obstacles for most families who want to buy homes.", and "These Are The American Cities With The Most Abandoned Houses" is the title for "The struggles in Flint, Michigan, go far beyond the water crisis.", and "What Frank Lloyd Wright\'s Palmer House Can Teach Us About Relaxation (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Photo courtesy the Palmer House. "The more time you spend in the house, the more riveting it becomes," Cox said. "You listen".Generate a headline for the following article: If you want the best English pale ale, go to England. If you want a perfect glass of sake, go to Japan. And if you want a mouthwatering pint of any other kind of beer, your best bet might be the Midwest.', '"How Planting Trees Helped This Ex-Offender Turn His Life Around" is the title for "The documentary “City of Trees” follows an organization that connects park revitalization and green job training for residents shut out of the workforce.", and "Now There\'s Caution Tape To Warn Of The Dangers Of Gentrification" is the title for "An artist priced out of her New York neighborhood  is fighting back.", and "Here’s How The World Can Adapt To The Rapid Rise Of Cities" is the title for "More than half of the people on the planet live in cities -- so it\'s more important than ever for countries to make a plan for sustainable growth.", and "Chicago Just Fired An Investigator Trying To Hold Cops Accountable For Unjustified Shootings" is the title for ""They\'re just an arm against the city to hurt people bringing complaints."", and "How Activists Destroyed Bill O’Reilly’s Reputation With Advertisers" is the title for "More than 70 companies have pulled out of "The O\'Reilly Factor," thanks in part to an onslaught of tweets masterminded by part-time activists.".Generate a headline for the following article: "I wanted to make sort of an ugly portrait of an ugly guy."', '"Arrest Warrants Issued For Tea Party Lawmakers Who Covered Up Affair" is the title for ""No one is above the law, not even those who walk in the halls of power."", and "\'Dedicate Your Vote To A Woman\' Tweets Show Just How Far We’ve Come" is the title for "Here\'s to all the women who made this historic election possible.", and "Michigan Fights To Avoid Delivering Water To Flint Residents" is the title for "The ongoing crisis has left the city without safe drinking water for over two years, but the state claims water deliveries are too much to ask.", and "Cinco De Mayo Parade Organizers Cancel Celebration Over Fears Of ICE Crackdown" is the title for "Organizers of the annual event in Philadelphia said it\'s not the time for a joyful celebration.", and "Detroit Just Named A Street After Stevie Wonder, And He\'s Thrilled" is the title for ""I want all of us to walk down the street that leads us to a place of humanity and equality, of fairness and respect for each other."".Generate a headline for the following article: “Our water is not safe until all of the lead in all of our plumbing is gone,” said the pediatrician who sounded the alarm.', '"Detroit\'s Abandoned Ruins Are Captivating, But Are They Bad For Neighborhoods?" is the title for "Despite large swaths of vacant land, many buildings are being developed, and the city\'s downtown is full of renovated historic", and "Fox News Personalities Praise Roger Ailes After His Death" is the title for "“Today America lost one of its great patriotic warriors,” host Sean Hannity said about the network’s former chairman.", and "The Flint Crisis Will Last Decades, And These Groups Are In It For The Long Haul" is the title for ""People understand this need, and they understand the danger to your children, and they just give."", and "Betsy DeVos Booed During Speech At Historically Black College" is the title for "The secretary of education has been criticized for "whitewashing" the history of historically black universities.", and "Huge Crowd Shows Up At Utah Airport To Welcome Refugee Family" is the title for "The Afghan family is one of the last to arrive after President Donald Trump halted the refugee resettlement program.".Generate a headline for the following article: They accused the magazine of pandering despite a former writer accusing Trump of sexual assault.', '"A Principal\'s Order To Keep White Students Together Is Even Worse Than It Sounds" is the title for "The district has a long history of alleged discrimination against black students.", and "Betsy DeVos\' Track Record Doesn\'t Back Up Her Education Promises" is the title for "Critics worry Donald Trump\'s pick for education secretary would let public schools crumble and charter schools run free.", and "Sean Spicer: Trump Not Worried About Breaking Media Precedents" is the title for "The incoming White House press secretary also said Trump understands media "probably better than anyone in modern American history."", and "The Folk Art Paintings Keeping Obama’s Legacy Alive In Urban Neighborhoods" is the title for "Photographer Camilo José Vergara has documented murals celebrating the first black president in cities around the country.", and "Activists Say Betsy DeVos\' Nomination Puts Kids\' Civil Rights On The Line" is the title for "Trump\'s pick for Department of Education head faces questions about her experience at a confirmation hearing Tuesday.".Generate a headline for the following article: The secretary of education has been criticized for "whitewashing" the history of historically black universities.', '"Joe Biden On The One Word That Defines America" is the title for "“We never bend, we never break, we always endure, we always overcome, we always move forward," the vice president said.", and "Sean Spicer: Trump Not Worried About Breaking Media Precedents" is the title for "The incoming White House press secretary also said Trump understands media "probably better than anyone in modern American history."", and "NPR Reporter Squashes Question About ‘Vetting’ Puerto Ricans" is the title for "“We don’t vet people that move from one state to another, from one part of America to another. That’s their right as Americans.”", and "Black Congressman Who Wants To Impeach Trump Now Receiving Lynching Threats" is the title for "“You’ll be hanging from a tree,” one anonymous caller said in a message for Rep. Al Green (D-Texas).", and "Evidence In Renisha McBride Case Will Show Shooting Was \'Justified,\' Says Homeowner\'s Lawyer" is the title for "The case has received national attention, with many wondering how a young woman looking for help could end up dead, and why".Generate a headline for the following article: "Without them, we probably would be dead right now," Destinee Mangum said.', '"Amazon’s Flying Warehouse Idea Isn’t Even Its Biggest Challenge" is the title for "Before it starts building airships, it\'s fighting just to get U.S. drone delivery off the ground.", and "How To Volunteer Over The Holidays -- And Into The New Year" is the title for "Here are some of the many ways you can help nonprofit groups in your community.", and "Renters Are Mostly Screwed, But Here’s One City That’s Actually Affordable" is the title for "Why you should ditch your unaffordable apartment and move to Des Moines.", and "Eminem\'s Childhood House For Sale In Detroit, Pictured On New Album (PHOTO)" is the title for "Fans of Eminem will recognize the building from the cover of 2000\'s "Marshall Mathers LP." The rapper, who used to live at", and "Jill Stein Condemns Premature End To The Michigan Recount" is the title for "At a Detroit rally, she vowed to "keep up the fight" for a trustworthy voting system.".Generate a headline for the following article: Move from Brooklyn to Detroit for the cheap rent: get applause. Spend years building your hometown’s arts community: get ignored.', '"Thousands Rally At Anti-Trump \'Not My Presidents Day\' Events" is the title for "People around the country spent the holiday speaking out against the president\'s agenda.", and "Time-Lapse Photos Show How The Twin Towers Defined New York City" is the title for "Camilo José Vergara\'s photographs, spanning 46 years, are on display this fall for the 15th anniversary of the Sept. 11 attacks.", and "Betsy DeVos Booed During Speech At Historically Black College" is the title for "The secretary of education has been criticized for "whitewashing" the history of historically black universities.", and "A Principal\'s Order To Keep White Students Together Is Even Worse Than It Sounds" is the title for "The district has a long history of alleged discrimination against black students.", and "Seattle Cuts Ties With Wells Fargo To Protest Dakota Access Pipeline Funding" is the title for "It\'s the first major city to pull funds from a bank for financing the controversial project.".Generate a headline for the following article: Photographer Camilo José Vergara has documented murals celebrating the first black president in cities around the country.', '"Tim Cook Sends Memo To Reassure Apple Employees After Trump\'s Win" is the title for ""Apple’s North Star hasn’t changed," the company\'s CEO wrote to U.S. employees Wednesday.", and "How Planting Trees Helped This Ex-Offender Turn His Life Around" is the title for "The documentary “City of Trees” follows an organization that connects park revitalization and green job training for residents shut out of the workforce.", and "Oakland Artists Take On Gentrification As Tech Boom Threatens Their City" is the title for "An installation at the Oakland Museum of California looks at the changes through residents’ eyes.", and "Eminem\'s Childhood Home In Detroit Burns After Woman Tried To Purchase It" is the title for "The house will look familiar to fans of the Detroit MC. It appears on the cover of Eminem\'s 2000 release "The Marshall Mathers", and "Eminem\'s Childhood House For Sale In Detroit, Pictured On New Album (PHOTO)" is the title for "Fans of Eminem will recognize the building from the cover of 2000\'s "Marshall Mathers LP." The rapper, who used to live at".Generate a headline for the following article: “A once thriving city will turn into a hollowed out museum,” attorney Kate Downing wrote.', '"Betsy DeVos Booed During Speech At Historically Black College" is the title for "The secretary of education has been criticized for "whitewashing" the history of historically black universities.", and "50 Years After His Death, Architect’s Buildings Are Still Shaping History" is the title for "Seventeen projects designed by Le Corbusier have been added to the UNESCO World Heritage List.", and "The Encouraging Poverty News That Official Data Isn\'t Telling Us" is the title for "How Census data is making the poverty rate look worse than it is.", and "Now There\'s Caution Tape To Warn Of The Dangers Of Gentrification" is the title for "An artist priced out of her New York neighborhood  is fighting back.", and "Eminem\'s Childhood Home In Detroit Burns After Woman Tried To Purchase It" is the title for "The house will look familiar to fans of the Detroit MC. It appears on the cover of Eminem\'s 2000 release "The Marshall Mathers".Generate a headline for the following article: The U.S. has the world\'s highest rate of childhood obesity, according to a new study.', '"Stop Giving New York Transplants All The Credit For Detroit’s Art Scene" is the title for "Move from Brooklyn to Detroit for the cheap rent: get applause. Spend years building your hometown’s arts community: get ignored.", and "Music Is The Missing Link In Detroit\'s Recovery" is the title for "As for Motown, it wasn’t just the quality of the music that made Hitsville U.S.A. stand out so prominently, it was the jobs", and "Construction Begins On Final Section Of The Dakota Access Pipeline" is the title for "Native Americans who object to the project are still fighting it in court.", and "Chicago Cop Loses Police Powers In Off-Duty Killing Of Unarmed Man" is the title for "“It was not justified. It wasn’t justified. It was not,” Jose Nieves\' father said.", and "It’s Time For Presidential Candidates To Talk About The New Housing Crisis" is the title for "It\'s a key economic issue, but good luck hearing about it at a debate.".Generate a headline for the following article: Before it starts building airships, it\'s fighting just to get U.S. drone delivery off the ground.', '"Why You Need To Be Worried About This Week’s Terror Attack In Pakistan" is the title for "In the country\'s long fight against armed extremism, people are beginning to run out of hope.", and "Syria Rebels Want Trump To Know They\'re The Ones Fighting ISIS" is the title for "The Free Syrian Army is hopeful for more support despite the president\'s praise of Bashar Assad.", and "Trump Copied Another Family\'s Coat Of Arms" is the title for "The emblem\'s original bearer "would be rolling over in his grave," a grandson tells The New York Times.", and "Trump Spent Years Undermining Global Charities Now Crucial To Fighting Coronavirus" is the title for "The president stopped funding United Nations health care for women and Palestinian refugees and cut aid to medical organizations over abortion.", and "John Bolton: Trump Sanctions On European Companies \'Possible\' Over Iran" is the title for "The national security adviser believes the U.S. can force European nations to abandon the historic Iran nuclear accord.".Generate a headline for the following article: His nominees to run the Army and Navy backed out over ethics regulations. Now, his Air Force choice faces controversy.', '"Trump\'s New Muslim Ban Blames Islam For Violence Against Women. Advocates Aren\'t Impressed." is the title for "Amnesty International and 54 other groups want Trump to rescind the policy and stop misleading people about gendered violence.", and "Donald Trump Claims His Muslim Ban Helps Christian Refugees. It Doesn\'t." is the title for "Advocates say the new policy will keep persecuted Christians in the Middle East and out of the U.S.", and "Biden\'s DOJ Is Using A Ridiculous Argument To Defend A Controversial Trump-Era Arms Deal" is the title for "Saudi Arabia and the UAE are both accused of human rights abuses — but Biden seems to believe that should only matter for the Saudis.", and "Virginia GOP Demands State Attorney General\'s Apology For Mosque Visit" is the title for "Though members of the party have visited mosques before, the GOP now seems to distrust any engagement with Muslims.", and "Trump Wants To Neuter The State Department. Putin Would Love That." is the title for "Weakening the agency reduces U.S. influence on the direction of global affairs and Washington\'s ability to promote human rights.".Generate a headline for the following article: Regular citizens, reporters and rights groups adapted to get the truth out about China\'s treatment of Uighur Muslims.', '"U.S.-Backed Airstrikes Are Killing People In Yemen. This Is Their Impact." is the title for "President Donald Trump has resisted bipartisan efforts to end the American role in the war, which has claimed tens of thousands of lives. President-elect Joe Biden says he will change course.", and "Taliban Tries To Exploit Trump Victory" is the title for "Despite promises to pull troops, President Barack Obama will pass on responsibility for the U.S. role in Afghanistan to his successor.", and "Lawmakers Seek Investigation Of Al Jazeera Amid Israel Documentary Controversy" is the title for "The channel secretly filmed lawmakers and activists in the pro-Israel community for months in 2016 and promised last year that it would release its documentary soon.", and "Mike Pompeo Promises To \'Crush\' Iran And Achieve A Better Deal" is the title for "The secretary of state avoided specifics on how he would convince  the rest of the world to abandon the existing nuclear accord.", and "Russia Gets A Pass In Trump\'s State Of The Union Speech" is the title for "The president did not mention investigations into Russia\'s role in the 2016 U.S. election or Russian meddling in Ukraine and Syria.".Generate a headline for the following article: Trump boasted of his role in the release of another U.S. prisoner in Egypt. He\'ll meet the Egyptian president again on Sunday.', '"Turkey\'s Lobbyists Seek U.S. Help By Calling Tiny Armenia A Big Threat" is the title for "Armenia is allowing Russia to menace NATO member Turkey, according to the lobbyists.", and "Obama Could End The Slaughter In Yemen Within Hours" is the title for "The Saudi-led coalition that the president is supporting killed hundreds more on Saturday.", and "Trump\'s \'Monday Night Massacre\' Another Sign Of No Business As Usual" is the title for "The world isn\'t burning yet, but it\'s increasingly important to stay vigilant, legal experts say.", and "John Kasich Says He Isn\'t Going Anywhere" is the title for "The Ohio governor said he has plans to be in Republican primaries up to Super Tuesday and beyond.", and "Bernie Sanders And Mike Lee Want A Fight With The Saudis. Trump’s Working To Stop Them." is the title for "The senators are trying to force an up-or-down vote on U.S. support for a brutal Saudi-led coalition in Yemen.".Generate a headline for the following article: U.S. officials forced up to 60 people to surrender their legal status, according to a suit CrowdJustice is supporting.', '"Someone Is Using These Leaked Emails To Embarrass Washington\'s Most Powerful Ambassador" is the title for "HuffPost confirmed eight inflammatory D.C. insider email exchanges, including between Yousef Al Otaiba and former Defense Secretary Robert Gates.", and "Bernie Sanders And Mike Lee Want A Fight With The Saudis. Trump’s Working To Stop Them." is the title for "The senators are trying to force an up-or-down vote on U.S. support for a brutal Saudi-led coalition in Yemen.", and "National Security Dems Want More Clarity On Russian Election Meddling" is the title for "They want the intelligence community to brief all lawmakers on what it knows about the Russian role.", and "The GOP Is Playing Defense For Trump And Saudi Arabia. Bernie Sanders Isn\'t Giving In." is the title for "On Wednesday the Republican-controlled Senate passed a bill ending U.S. support for the Saudis in Yemen that could get through the House within weeks and force an embarrassing Trump veto.", and "Turkey\'s First Lady Asks Americans To Imagine Brooklyn Bridge Seized By Terrorists" is the title for "That\'s what July\'s attempted coup felt like, Emine Erdogan told an audience in New York.".Generate a headline for the following article: "On what planet can trump be a president??" Yousef Al Otaiba wrote in an email on election night.', '"Trump\'s State Of The Union Victory Lap On ISIS Is Garbage" is the title for "The president maintains he didn\'t just build on Obama\'s strategy. Don\'t fall for it.", and "Russia Is Exploiting Syria\'s Kurds And U.S. Frustrations To Complicate The Fight Against ISIS" is the title for "Existing U.S. alliances and other priorities make it hard for the Obama administration to respond.", and "The Key Point About Joe Biden\'s National Security Picks: It\'s Truly The Biden Show" is the title for "This shared consensus on foreign policy is a big change from the Trump and Obama teams ― and an opportunity to reform U.S. global relations.", and "Trump\'s Qatar Crisis Is Hurting His Big Anti-ISIS Summit" is the title for "The first day of the confab was marred by sparring between U.S. partner nations reacting to mixed messages from the Trump administration.", and "Barack Obama Sanctions Russia Over Election Meddling" is the title for "With Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell welcoming the move, it would be politically difficult for Donald Trump to reverse it.".Generate a headline for the following article: The anti-ISIS strategy designed by the Obama administration secured big wins under President Donald Trump. Now it\'s about to backfire.', '"Biden\'s DOJ Is Using A Ridiculous Argument To Defend A Controversial Trump-Era Arms Deal" is the title for "Saudi Arabia and the UAE are both accused of human rights abuses — but Biden seems to believe that should only matter for the Saudis.", and "Trump Administration Imposes Sanctions On Iran\'s Foreign Minister" is the title for "The move against Javad Zarif threatens the chances of diplomacy to reduce tensions between the U.S. and the Islamic Republic.", and "Dems, Trump Admin Find Common Ground: Helping Victims Of Myanmar\'s Genocide" is the title for "But they don\'t yet have the public support of the president -- and Mitch McConnell is delaying a vote on proposed sanctions for perpetrators of the crisis.", and "Nancy Pelosi: \'Thank You, George Floyd, For Sacrificing Your Life\'" is the title for "The speaker of the House of Representatives made the widely criticized comment soon after a jury convicted former police officer Derek Chauvin of murdering Floyd.", and "U.S.-Backed Airstrikes Are Killing People In Yemen. This Is Their Impact." is the title for "President Donald Trump has resisted bipartisan efforts to end the American role in the war, which has claimed tens of thousands of lives. President-elect Joe Biden says he will change course.".Generate a headline for the following article: President Biden made history by nominating Austin. But picking a retired general also threatens the bedrock democratic principle of civilian control of the military.', '"Erdogan Banned Turkish Reporter From Twitter Because He Doesn\'t Care What You Think" is the title for "The outcry against this latest repression is unlikely to deter the Turkish president.", and "Donald Trump Claims His Muslim Ban Helps Christian Refugees. It Doesn\'t." is the title for "Advocates say the new policy will keep persecuted Christians in the Middle East and out of the U.S.", and "John Bolton: Trump Sanctions On European Companies \'Possible\' Over Iran" is the title for "The national security adviser believes the U.S. can force European nations to abandon the historic Iran nuclear accord.", and "Top Democrat Joins Push Against Trump\'s Saudi Arms Deal" is the title for "Critics of Saudi Arabia\'s ongoing and bloody U.S.-backed campaign in Yemen might just get a win this week.", and "U.S. Politicians Can Afford To Grow A Spine On Saudi Arabia" is the title for "Five Democrats helped save an arms deal with the kingdom pushed by President Trump. It doesn\'t have to be this way.".Generate a headline for the following article: The vice president stops in Cairo this week. Advocates for two detainees have reached out to the National Security Council 11 times this year without a response.', '"Bernie Sanders And Mike Lee Want A Fight With The Saudis. Trump’s Working To Stop Them." is the title for "The senators are trying to force an up-or-down vote on U.S. support for a brutal Saudi-led coalition in Yemen.", and "Lawmakers Seek Investigation Of Al Jazeera Amid Israel Documentary Controversy" is the title for "The channel secretly filmed lawmakers and activists in the pro-Israel community for months in 2016 and promised last year that it would release its documentary soon.", and "3 Americans Jailed In N. Korea Are Home. But Trump May Have Made Others\' Situation Worse." is the title for "For Americans behind bars in Iran, Egypt, Turkey and elsewhere, homecoming ceremonies appear to be a long way off.", and "GOP Senator Stalls Trump Nominee Over Saudi Handling Of U.S. Aid For Starving Yemenis" is the title for "A U.S.-backed coalition led by the Saudis is impeding the delivery of cranes for a key port in Yemen.", and "The U.S. Might Be Getting Closer To Expanding Its ISIS Fight" is the title for "Once Libyans can agree on a united government, they\'re expected to ask for international help to remove ISIS from their country.".Generate a headline for the following article: Attacked by their government for months, Kurds in Turkey are desperate for U.S. support.', '"Pentagon To Senate: We Can\'t Know If U.S. Fuel Helps Saudi Arabia Kill Civilians In Yemen" is the title for "A private Defense Department document shared with HuffPost absolves the U.S. of responsibility for airstrikes the U.N. says have killed thousands.", and "American Citizen Freed From Egypt Jail" is the title for "Advocates for Ahmed Etiwy said the White House had never made the case a priority despite President Donald Trump\'s "America First" policy.", and "Obama Is Letting Turkey Target The U.S.\'s Best Bet Against ISIS" is the title for "Attacked by their government for months, Kurds in Turkey are desperate for U.S. support.", and "Donald Trump Claims His Muslim Ban Helps Christian Refugees. It Doesn\'t." is the title for "Advocates say the new policy will keep persecuted Christians in the Middle East and out of the U.S.", and "World Leaders Opt For China\'s Money Over The Rights Of 1 Million Jailed Muslims" is the title for "From the U.S. to Russia, Saudi Arabia to Iran, the desire for Chinese cash unites the international community and leaves the Uighurs\' prospects looking bleak.".Generate a headline for the following article: “Our immigration policy shouldn’t amount to a death sentence for anyone," the ACLU says.', '"Inside The Real (And Really Secret) Middle East Peace Process" is the title for "Tension between Saudi Arabia and Iran now defines the world\'s most combustible region the way the Israeli-Palestinian conflict once did.", and "Trump Inches Toward A Bigger U.S. Role In Another Middle East War" is the title for "Absent a plan from the president, U.S. partners Saudi Arabia and the UAE are moving forward despite strategic and humanitarian concerns.", and "Biden\'s DOJ Is Using A Ridiculous Argument To Defend A Controversial Trump-Era Arms Deal" is the title for "Saudi Arabia and the UAE are both accused of human rights abuses — but Biden seems to believe that should only matter for the Saudis.", and "Trump\'s Strike Won\'t Serve Syrians Or The U.S." is the title for "A military response to Assad\'s latest use of chemical weapons is unlikely to prevent more killing or diminish the influence of Russia and Iran.", and "Joe Biden Approves $800 Million In New Military Aid For Ukraine" is the title for "As Russia prepares a major offensive in eastern Ukraine, the government in Kyiv says it needs more support from international partners in its efforts to resist.".Generate a headline for the following article: From the U.S. to Russia, Saudi Arabia to Iran, the desire for Chinese cash unites the international community and leaves the Uighurs\' prospects looking bleak.', '"Barack Obama Sanctions Russia Over Election Meddling" is the title for "With Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell welcoming the move, it would be politically difficult for Donald Trump to reverse it.", and "Wilbur Ross Calls Syria Attack Trump\'s \'Entertainment\' At Mar-A-Lago" is the title for "Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross made the remark at a conference some people paid at least $12,500 to attend.", and "Trump\'s State Of The Union Victory Lap On ISIS Is Garbage" is the title for "The president maintains he didn\'t just build on Obama\'s strategy. Don\'t fall for it.", and "Poorer Countries Are Still Being Left Behind On COVID-19 Vaccinations" is the title for "As the global effort to share vaccines enters high gear, it will still be years before billions of people can get the shot — threatening more deaths and a longer journey to normalcy.", and "Obama And Xi: A Lot Of Climate, A Little Cyber, Mostly Fluff" is the title for "The summit was historic more because it happened than because it achieved anything.".Generate a headline for the following article: True critics of discrimination don\'t suggest it would be OK if only it were aimed at more people.', '"Joe Biden Promised To Take On Saudi Arabia Over Jamal Khashoggi. The Saudis Won." is the title for "Biden pledged to root his foreign policy in values like human rights, but didn\'t apply that standard to the long and morally dubious U.S.–Saudi relationship.", and "Biden\'s DOJ Is Using A Ridiculous Argument To Defend A Controversial Trump-Era Arms Deal" is the title for "Saudi Arabia and the UAE are both accused of human rights abuses — but Biden seems to believe that should only matter for the Saudis.", and "Trump Wants To Neuter The State Department. Putin Would Love That." is the title for "Weakening the agency reduces U.S. influence on the direction of global affairs and Washington\'s ability to promote human rights.", and "Russia\'s Response To Latest Syria Crisis Is Pure Trump" is the title for "Watch for a Donald Trump statement echoing Moscow in 3, 2...", and "Obama Could End The Slaughter In Yemen Within Hours" is the title for "The Saudi-led coalition that the president is supporting killed hundreds more on Saturday.".Generate a headline for the following article: That a standard statement on human rights now inspires drastic Saudi actions and troll attacks evoking 9/11 shows authoritarians are bolder and diplomacy is harder.', '"Iran Has Controlled Iraq For Years. Now It May Be Pushed Out." is the title for "Iraq\'s top ayatollah and its prime minister are subtly challenging widespread Iranian influence.", and "Saudi Arabia\'s Leader Spent $450 Million On A Painting. Here\'s What That Could Do For Victims Of His War In Yemen." is the title for "20.7 million people need some kind of aid in Yemen. Those dollars could feed them all for more than a month.", and "Obama Is Letting Turkey Target The U.S.\'s Best Bet Against ISIS" is the title for "Attacked by their government for months, Kurds in Turkey are desperate for U.S. support.", and "Dulles Officials Continue To Defy Court Order Halting Part Of Immigration Ban" is the title for "Lawyers and lawmakers say customs officials aren\'t letting green card holders access attorneys.", and "Paul Ryan On Trump And Race: \'His Heart\'s In The Right Place\'" is the title for "He thinks the president has reflected since Charlottesville -- a period in which Trump has  attacked NFL players and Puerto Rican officials.".Generate a headline for the following article: Top officials Steve Mnuchin and Mick Mulvaney are among those attacking Carmen Yulín Cruz.', '"U.S.-Backed Airstrikes Are Killing People In Yemen. This Is Their Impact." is the title for "President Donald Trump has resisted bipartisan efforts to end the American role in the war, which has claimed tens of thousands of lives. President-elect Joe Biden says he will change course.", and "Egypt\'s Regime Has Held An American Student For Four Years. He May Soon Know His Fate." is the title for "While the violent authoritarianism of Egypt\'s president has complicated relations with Western allies, President Trump has developed a close bond with him.", and "Obama Is Letting Turkey Target The U.S.\'s Best Bet Against ISIS" is the title for "Attacked by their government for months, Kurds in Turkey are desperate for U.S. support.", and "John Kasich Says He Isn\'t Going Anywhere" is the title for "The Ohio governor said he has plans to be in Republican primaries up to Super Tuesday and beyond.", and "Donald Trump Has Already Picked His Favorite Muslims" is the title for "The president\'s team has only nice things to say about Egypt, Jordan and the UAE.".Generate a headline for the following article: He thinks the president has reflected since Charlottesville -- a period in which Trump has  attacked NFL players and Puerto Rican officials.', '"Bernie Sanders And Mike Lee Want A Fight With The Saudis. Trump’s Working To Stop Them." is the title for "The senators are trying to force an up-or-down vote on U.S. support for a brutal Saudi-led coalition in Yemen.", and "Barack Obama Sanctions Russia Over Election Meddling" is the title for "With Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell welcoming the move, it would be politically difficult for Donald Trump to reverse it.", and "House Votes Against Saudi Military Support In Yemen" is the title for "After years of hitting Republican roadblocks, Democrats advanced a bill to end U.S. support for Saudi Arabia’s deadly campaign.", and "Antiwar Dem Lawmaker Flip-Flops On Syria Humanitarian Group, Deletes Tweet" is the title for "Rep. Ro Khanna (D-Calif.) faced online criticism after meeting with the award-winning White Helmets.", and "Russia Is Exploiting Syria\'s Kurds And U.S. Frustrations To Complicate The Fight Against ISIS" is the title for "Existing U.S. alliances and other priorities make it hard for the Obama administration to respond.".Generate a headline for the following article: Rep. Ted Lieu (D-Calif.) thinks it\'s silly to simultaneously call for an end to Saudi-led bombing and enable it to continue.', '"The U.S. And Iran Have A Long Way To Go Before They Can Really Be Friends" is the title for "America\'s allies in the Muslim world don\'t want the Iranians to sit with them.", and "Obama Is Letting Turkey Target The U.S.\'s Best Bet Against ISIS" is the title for "Attacked by their government for months, Kurds in Turkey are desperate for U.S. support.", and "The New Saudi Arabia Is A Lot Like The Old Saudi Arabia When It Comes To Women" is the title for "A dispute with Canada over jailed women activists pits Saudi feminists and allies around the world against the planet\'s most misogynistic government.", and "Egypt\'s Regime Has Held An American Student For Four Years. He May Soon Know His Fate." is the title for "While the violent authoritarianism of Egypt\'s president has complicated relations with Western allies, President Trump has developed a close bond with him.", and "Dems, Trump Admin Find Common Ground: Helping Victims Of Myanmar\'s Genocide" is the title for "But they don\'t yet have the public support of the president -- and Mitch McConnell is delaying a vote on proposed sanctions for perpetrators of the crisis.".Generate a headline for the following article: Faced with a Russian attempt to redraw borders in Europe, the U.S. is preparing sanctions and European allies are signaling solidarity with the government in Kiev.', '"Donald Trump Has Already Picked His Favorite Muslims" is the title for "The president\'s team has only nice things to say about Egypt, Jordan and the UAE.", and "U.S.-Backed Airstrikes Are Killing People In Yemen. This Is Their Impact." is the title for "President Donald Trump has resisted bipartisan efforts to end the American role in the war, which has claimed tens of thousands of lives. President-elect Joe Biden says he will change course.", and "Paul Ryan On Trump And Race: \'His Heart\'s In The Right Place\'" is the title for "He thinks the president has reflected since Charlottesville -- a period in which Trump has  attacked NFL players and Puerto Rican officials.", and "Western Officials Pledge To Support Ukraine As Russia Says It Should Be Dismembered" is the title for "Faced with a Russian attempt to redraw borders in Europe, the U.S. is preparing sanctions and European allies are signaling solidarity with the government in Kiev.", and "The U.S. And Iran Have A Long Way To Go Before They Can Really Be Friends" is the title for "America\'s allies in the Muslim world don\'t want the Iranians to sit with them.".Generate a headline for the following article: While the violent authoritarianism of Egypt\'s president has complicated relations with Western allies, President Trump has developed a close bond with him.', '"Families Of Americans Imprisoned In Egypt Pin Their Hopes On ... Mike Pence?" is the title for "The vice president stops in Cairo this week. Advocates for two detainees have reached out to the National Security Council 11 times this year without a response.", and "Trump\'s War In Yemen Is A Gift For Al Qaeda" is the title for "On Sunday, the terror group\'s chief claimed it is cooperating with a U.S.-backed coalition. Experts agree.", and "Top Democrat Joins Push Against Trump\'s Saudi Arms Deal" is the title for "Critics of Saudi Arabia\'s ongoing and bloody U.S.-backed campaign in Yemen might just get a win this week.", and "The U.K. Thinks It\'s \'Illogical\' That It Isn\'t Bombing ISIS In Syria Yet" is the title for "Britain is currently only launching strikes against the group in Iraq.", and "Dems, Trump Admin Find Common Ground: Helping Victims Of Myanmar\'s Genocide" is the title for "But they don\'t yet have the public support of the president -- and Mitch McConnell is delaying a vote on proposed sanctions for perpetrators of the crisis.".Generate a headline for the following article: With a House vote this week, a diverse group -- including Mark Ruffalo, Alice Walker, Laurence Tribe and FreedomWorks -- is getting involved.', '"Barack Obama Sanctions Russia Over Election Meddling" is the title for "With Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell welcoming the move, it would be politically difficult for Donald Trump to reverse it.", and "Trump Spent Years Undermining Global Charities Now Crucial To Fighting Coronavirus" is the title for "The president stopped funding United Nations health care for women and Palestinian refugees and cut aid to medical organizations over abortion.", and "Dems, Trump Admin Find Common Ground: Helping Victims Of Myanmar\'s Genocide" is the title for "But they don\'t yet have the public support of the president -- and Mitch McConnell is delaying a vote on proposed sanctions for perpetrators of the crisis.", and "A Mostly Non-Christian Militia Won 2 Of Iraqi Christians\' Parliamentary Seats. Now Christians Want Trump To Intervene." is the title for "The Babylon Brigade is led by a Christian but is tied to the brutal Iranian-backed Muslim paramilitary Badr Organization.", and "If Your Main Protest Against Trump\'s Muslim Ban Is \'Saudi Arabia,\' You\'re Doing It Wrong" is the title for "True critics of discrimination don\'t suggest it would be OK if only it were aimed at more people.".Generate a headline for the following article: Empowering Afghan women is a great cause, but Bush could be harming it.', '"Key GOP Senator Will Oppose Donald Trump\'s Arms Deal With Saudi Arabia" is the title for "The move from Sen. Todd Young (R-Ind.) suggests more Republicans could vote against the deal.", and "Saudi Arabia Gains An Unlikely GOP Critic" is the title for "Sen. Todd Young of Indiana is a rare mainstream GOP voice in the growing chorus criticizing the U.S.-supported Saudi campaign in Yemen.", and "Congressman Trolls Obama Administration Over Yemen Waffling" is the title for "Rep. Ted Lieu (D-Calif.) thinks it\'s silly to simultaneously call for an end to Saudi-led bombing and enable it to continue.", and "GOP Senator Wants Investigation Of Kushner Family China Deal" is the title for ""Qiaowai has touted its relationship with the current administration as a guarantee" of a green card, Sen. Chuck Grassley wrote.", and "The GOP Is Playing Defense For Trump And Saudi Arabia. Bernie Sanders Isn\'t Giving In." is the title for "On Wednesday the Republican-controlled Senate passed a bill ending U.S. support for the Saudis in Yemen that could get through the House within weeks and force an embarrassing Trump veto.".Generate a headline for the following article: Sen. Todd Young (R-Ind.) and Sen. Jeanne Shaheen (D-N.H.) crafted an alternative bill they call pragmatic. Peace groups believe it threatens confrontation with Iran.', '"Egypt\'s Regime Has Held An American Student For Four Years. He May Soon Know His Fate." is the title for "While the violent authoritarianism of Egypt\'s president has complicated relations with Western allies, President Trump has developed a close bond with him.", and "Pentagon To Senate: We Can\'t Know If U.S. Fuel Helps Saudi Arabia Kill Civilians In Yemen" is the title for "A private Defense Department document shared with HuffPost absolves the U.S. of responsibility for airstrikes the U.N. says have killed thousands.", and "Obama And Xi: A Lot Of Climate, A Little Cyber, Mostly Fluff" is the title for "The summit was historic more because it happened than because it achieved anything.", and "Dems, Trump Admin Find Common Ground: Helping Victims Of Myanmar\'s Genocide" is the title for "But they don\'t yet have the public support of the president -- and Mitch McConnell is delaying a vote on proposed sanctions for perpetrators of the crisis.", and "Steve Bannon Removed From The National Security Council" is the title for "Despite his white nationalist ties and support for Islamophobic policies, Bannon remains hugely influential.".Generate a headline for the following article: The president’s family denies knowing anything about the scheme, but a HuffPost investigation reveals close ties.', '"Obama To Receive A Report On Russia\'s 2016 Election Meddling Before Leaving Office" is the title for "In Congress, Democrats and Republicans alike are demanding more clarity about Moscow\'s role.", and "Lawmakers Seek Trump\'s Intervention For 17-Year-Old American Jailed In Egypt" is the title for "Trump boasted of his role in the release of another U.S. prisoner in Egypt. He\'ll meet the Egyptian president again on Sunday.", and "Western Officials Pledge To Support Ukraine As Russia Says It Should Be Dismembered" is the title for "Faced with a Russian attempt to redraw borders in Europe, the U.S. is preparing sanctions and European allies are signaling solidarity with the government in Kiev.", and "Russia Gets A Pass In Trump\'s State Of The Union Speech" is the title for "The president did not mention investigations into Russia\'s role in the 2016 U.S. election or Russian meddling in Ukraine and Syria.", and "National Security Dems Want More Clarity On Russian Election Meddling" is the title for "They want the intelligence community to brief all lawmakers on what it knows about the Russian role.".Generate a headline for the following article: He lied about a refugee role in the Paris attacks and confused U.S. and European screening standards.', '"Nikki Haley Breaks With Trump On Russia And Muslim Registry" is the title for "A GOP favorite, she was a frequent critic of the president-elect during his campaign for the White House.", and "U.S. Denies Coordination With Russia In Syria" is the title for "The new White House press secretary deferred to the Pentagon but left the door open for future collaboration.", and "Donald Trump Claims His Muslim Ban Helps Christian Refugees. It Doesn\'t." is the title for "Advocates say the new policy will keep persecuted Christians in the Middle East and out of the U.S.", and "Joe Biden To Make Good On His Afghanistan Promise By Aug. 31" is the title for "“Just one more year ... is not a solution but a recipe for being there indefinitely," the president said of America\'s longest-running war.", and "Syria Rebels Want Trump To Know They\'re The Ones Fighting ISIS" is the title for "The Free Syrian Army is hopeful for more support despite the president\'s praise of Bashar Assad.".Generate a headline for the following article: Advocates for Ahmed Etiwy said the White House had never made the case a priority despite President Donald Trump\'s "America First" policy.', '"Legal Scholars Trash Pentagon\'s Effort To Prevent Senate Debate On Yemen War" is the title for "HuffPost obtained a letter the experts sent today to Senate leaders McConnell and Schumer.", and "Saudi Arabia\'s Crown Prince Is Pushing His Country To The Brink. Will It Hold Together?" is the title for "The nightmare scenario is the loud, messy collapse of a society full of weapons, money, frustrated young people and extremist tendencies.", and "Watch A Trump Supporter And A Protester Have A Civil Conversation On Inauguration Day" is the title for "It might give you a little hope for the next four years.", and "Why You Need To Be Worried About This Week’s Terror Attack In Pakistan" is the title for "In the country\'s long fight against armed extremism, people are beginning to run out of hope.", and "Turkey\'s U.S.-Made Fighter Jets Reportedly Almost Shot Down Its President" is the title for "It\'s one of the most dramatic revelations about the failed coup.".Generate a headline for the following article: "I\'m full of hope and optimism and joy and very proud today to be a Saudi woman," one student told HuffPost.', '"Syria Rebels Want Trump To Know They\'re The Ones Fighting ISIS" is the title for "The Free Syrian Army is hopeful for more support despite the president\'s praise of Bashar Assad.", and "American Citizen Freed From Egypt Jail" is the title for "Advocates for Ahmed Etiwy said the White House had never made the case a priority despite President Donald Trump\'s "America First" policy.", and "Obama Is Letting Turkey Target The U.S.\'s Best Bet Against ISIS" is the title for "Attacked by their government for months, Kurds in Turkey are desperate for U.S. support.", and "Nikki Haley Breaks With Trump On Russia And Muslim Registry" is the title for "A GOP favorite, she was a frequent critic of the president-elect during his campaign for the White House.", and "Taliban Tries To Exploit Trump Victory" is the title for "Despite promises to pull troops, President Barack Obama will pass on responsibility for the U.S. role in Afghanistan to his successor.".Generate a headline for the following article: Despite his white nationalist ties and support for Islamophobic policies, Bannon remains hugely influential.', '"John Kasich Says He Isn\'t Going Anywhere" is the title for "The Ohio governor said he has plans to be in Republican primaries up to Super Tuesday and beyond.", and "Turkey\'s U.S.-Made Fighter Jets Reportedly Almost Shot Down Its President" is the title for "It\'s one of the most dramatic revelations about the failed coup.", and "Families Of Americans Imprisoned In Egypt Pin Their Hopes On ... Mike Pence?" is the title for "The vice president stops in Cairo this week. Advocates for two detainees have reached out to the National Security Council 11 times this year without a response.", and "Senate Confirms Lloyd Austin To Be The First Black Defense Secretary" is the title for "President Biden made history by nominating Austin. But picking a retired general also threatens the bedrock democratic principle of civilian control of the military.", and "Mike Pompeo Promises To \'Crush\' Iran And Achieve A Better Deal" is the title for "The secretary of state avoided specifics on how he would convince  the rest of the world to abandon the existing nuclear accord.".Generate a headline for the following article: The Ohio governor also noted that Americans seem enthusiastic about the idea of candidates outside the two main parties.', '"Former Prisoner Used By Trump As A Prop Declares Her Support For Biden" is the title for "The president has showcased his spotty efforts to help Americans like aid worker Aya Hijazi, who was freed from Egyptian custody after Trump\'s intervention.", and "Trump\'s Post-Election Pardons List: War Criminals, Crooked Politicians And Family" is the title for "President Donald Trump\'s pardons include military contractors who killed children, law enforcement officers who violated civil rights and, of course, his allies.", and "Dems, Trump Admin Find Common Ground: Helping Victims Of Myanmar\'s Genocide" is the title for "But they don\'t yet have the public support of the president -- and Mitch McConnell is delaying a vote on proposed sanctions for perpetrators of the crisis.", and "The Key Point About Joe Biden\'s National Security Picks: It\'s Truly The Biden Show" is the title for "This shared consensus on foreign policy is a big change from the Trump and Obama teams ― and an opportunity to reform U.S. global relations.", and "Brothers Linked To Assad Gave Thousands To Dennis Kucinich\'s Ohio Political Machine" is the title for "The former congressman is seeking the Democratic nomination in Ohio\'s gubernatorial race and recently revealed he accepted $20,000 from a pro-Assad group.".Generate a headline for the following article: A wounded president who lost the popular vote is seeking foreign help to validate himself and attack his enemies.', '"GOP Senator Stalls Trump Nominee Over Saudi Handling Of U.S. Aid For Starving Yemenis" is the title for "A U.S.-backed coalition led by the Saudis is impeding the delivery of cranes for a key port in Yemen.", and "Bernie Sanders And Mike Lee Want A Fight With The Saudis. Trump’s Working To Stop Them." is the title for "The senators are trying to force an up-or-down vote on U.S. support for a brutal Saudi-led coalition in Yemen.", and "Obama Could End The Slaughter In Yemen Within Hours" is the title for "The Saudi-led coalition that the president is supporting killed hundreds more on Saturday.", and "The U.S. And Iran Have A Long Way To Go Before They Can Really Be Friends" is the title for "America\'s allies in the Muslim world don\'t want the Iranians to sit with them.", and "Trump\'s War In Yemen Is A Gift For Al Qaeda" is the title for "On Sunday, the terror group\'s chief claimed it is cooperating with a U.S.-backed coalition. Experts agree.".Generate a headline for the following article: The Babylon Brigade is led by a Christian but is tied to the brutal Iranian-backed Muslim paramilitary Badr Organization.', '"Joe Biden Says He \'Can\'t Picture\' U.S. Troops Being In Afghanistan In 2022" is the title for "The president doubled down on his promise to end America\'s longest-running war at a Thursday press conference, though he said a May 1 deadline seemed unlikely.", and "If Your Main Protest Against Trump\'s Muslim Ban Is \'Saudi Arabia,\' You\'re Doing It Wrong" is the title for "True critics of discrimination don\'t suggest it would be OK if only it were aimed at more people.", and "Saudi Arabia\'s Leader Spent $450 Million On A Painting. Here\'s What That Could Do For Victims Of His War In Yemen." is the title for "20.7 million people need some kind of aid in Yemen. Those dollars could feed them all for more than a month.", and "U.S. Denies Coordination With Russia In Syria" is the title for "The new White House press secretary deferred to the Pentagon but left the door open for future collaboration.", and "National Security Veterans Worry Trump Transcript Leaks May Have Nasty Impact" is the title for "Some say it\'ll perturb allies and make the president even more secretive. But the striking content leads other commentators to support the revelations.".Generate a headline for the following article: Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross made the remark at a conference some people paid at least $12,500 to attend.', '"Paul Ryan On Trump And Race: \'His Heart\'s In The Right Place\'" is the title for "He thinks the president has reflected since Charlottesville -- a period in which Trump has  attacked NFL players and Puerto Rican officials.", and "Lawmakers Seek Trump\'s Intervention For 17-Year-Old American Jailed In Egypt" is the title for "Trump boasted of his role in the release of another U.S. prisoner in Egypt. He\'ll meet the Egyptian president again on Sunday.", and "Egypt\'s Regime Has Held An American Student For Four Years. He May Soon Know His Fate." is the title for "While the violent authoritarianism of Egypt\'s president has complicated relations with Western allies, President Trump has developed a close bond with him.", and "New Poll Underscores Frailty Of U.S. Relationship With Saudi Arabia" is the title for "President-elect Donald Trump has encouraged rising anti-Saudi sentiment as part of his general message that Muslims should not be trusted.", and "Pentagon To Senate: We Can\'t Know If U.S. Fuel Helps Saudi Arabia Kill Civilians In Yemen" is the title for "A private Defense Department document shared with HuffPost absolves the U.S. of responsibility for airstrikes the U.N. says have killed thousands.".Generate a headline for the following article: President Donald Trump has resisted bipartisan efforts to end the American role in the war, which has claimed tens of thousands of lives. President-elect Joe Biden says he will change course.', '"Joe Biden Approves $800 Million In New Military Aid For Ukraine" is the title for "As Russia prepares a major offensive in eastern Ukraine, the government in Kyiv says it needs more support from international partners in its efforts to resist.", and "Lawmakers Seek Investigation Of Al Jazeera Amid Israel Documentary Controversy" is the title for "The channel secretly filmed lawmakers and activists in the pro-Israel community for months in 2016 and promised last year that it would release its documentary soon.", and "Donald Trump Asked For Russian Help In The Election 1 Year Ago Today" is the title for "There\'s now a pile of evidence of Trump-Russia contacts and four ongoing investigations.", and "The Controversy Over Trump And Russia Sanctions Isn\'t Going Away" is the title for "The president is enforcing sanctions from before he took office. But there\'s scant evidence he\'s implementing new ones to deter election meddling.", and "Lawmakers Seek Trump\'s Intervention For 17-Year-Old American Jailed In Egypt" is the title for "Trump boasted of his role in the release of another U.S. prisoner in Egypt. He\'ll meet the Egyptian president again on Sunday.".Generate a headline for the following article: The president did not mention investigations into Russia\'s role in the 2016 U.S. election or Russian meddling in Ukraine and Syria.', '"Obama Is Letting Turkey Target The U.S.\'s Best Bet Against ISIS" is the title for "Attacked by their government for months, Kurds in Turkey are desperate for U.S. support.", and "Inside The Real (And Really Secret) Middle East Peace Process" is the title for "Tension between Saudi Arabia and Iran now defines the world\'s most combustible region the way the Israeli-Palestinian conflict once did.", and "World Leaders Opt For China\'s Money Over The Rights Of 1 Million Jailed Muslims" is the title for "From the U.S. to Russia, Saudi Arabia to Iran, the desire for Chinese cash unites the international community and leaves the Uighurs\' prospects looking bleak.", and "U.S. Politicians Can Afford To Grow A Spine On Saudi Arabia" is the title for "Five Democrats helped save an arms deal with the kingdom pushed by President Trump. It doesn\'t have to be this way.", and "Why You Need To Be Worried About This Week’s Terror Attack In Pakistan" is the title for "In the country\'s long fight against armed extremism, people are beginning to run out of hope.".Generate a headline for the following article: For Americans behind bars in Iran, Egypt, Turkey and elsewhere, homecoming ceremonies appear to be a long way off.', '"House Votes Against Saudi Military Support In Yemen" is the title for "After years of hitting Republican roadblocks, Democrats advanced a bill to end U.S. support for Saudi Arabia’s deadly campaign.", and "Saudi Arabia Gains An Unlikely GOP Critic" is the title for "Sen. Todd Young of Indiana is a rare mainstream GOP voice in the growing chorus criticizing the U.S.-supported Saudi campaign in Yemen.", and "GOP Senator Stalls Trump Nominee Over Saudi Handling Of U.S. Aid For Starving Yemenis" is the title for "A U.S.-backed coalition led by the Saudis is impeding the delivery of cranes for a key port in Yemen.", and "Families Of Americans Imprisoned In Egypt Pin Their Hopes On ... Mike Pence?" is the title for "The vice president stops in Cairo this week. Advocates for two detainees have reached out to the National Security Council 11 times this year without a response.", and "Donald Trump Asked For Russian Help In The Election 1 Year Ago Today" is the title for "There\'s now a pile of evidence of Trump-Russia contacts and four ongoing investigations.".Generate a headline for the following article: Critics of Saudi Arabia\'s ongoing and bloody U.S.-backed campaign in Yemen might just get a win this week.', '"Site That Helped Battle Brexit Will Fund Lawyers Challenging Trump Muslim Ban" is the title for "U.S. officials forced up to 60 people to surrender their legal status, according to a suit CrowdJustice is supporting.", and "Obama Is Letting Turkey Target The U.S.\'s Best Bet Against ISIS" is the title for "Attacked by their government for months, Kurds in Turkey are desperate for U.S. support.", and "World Leaders Opt For China\'s Money Over The Rights Of 1 Million Jailed Muslims" is the title for "From the U.S. to Russia, Saudi Arabia to Iran, the desire for Chinese cash unites the international community and leaves the Uighurs\' prospects looking bleak.", and "Trump\'s Strike Won\'t Serve Syrians Or The U.S." is the title for "A military response to Assad\'s latest use of chemical weapons is unlikely to prevent more killing or diminish the influence of Russia and Iran.", and "3 Americans Jailed In N. Korea Are Home. But Trump May Have Made Others\' Situation Worse." is the title for "For Americans behind bars in Iran, Egypt, Turkey and elsewhere, homecoming ceremonies appear to be a long way off.".Generate a headline for the following article: Armenia is allowing Russia to menace NATO member Turkey, according to the lobbyists.', '"Simple Strategies to Ease Lunch Packing Pain" is the title for "It\'s a mere few weeks into the school year and I\'m already dreading lunch. What\'s more stressful is a tossup: the caffeine-enhanced frenzy of packing lunches at the crack of dawn or the frustration of opening my daughter\'s lunchbox at the end of a long school day to find it completely untouched.", and "Cook With Your Kids: A Coda to Michael Pollan\'s New Book, Cooked" is the title for "Children represent our biggest opportunity for change when it comes to food. They are the most important part of the equation. Pollan urges us to "Eat food. Not too much. Mostly plants. And cook them." Let\'s add three more words to that slogan -- "with your kids."", and "Healthy Lunch Ideas: Load Up With Healthy Lunches From The Healthy Lunch Challenge" is the title for "Moms across the country shared their ideas for how to build a better lunchbox on a busy parent\'s schedule. It turns out there are a few simple food rules to follow.", and "Easy as Pie: Apple Galette (52 New Foods)" is the title for "This easy apple pie recipe is a simple French twist on a favorite sweet treat: apple galette.", and "Snack Time: High Protein Snacks for Kids (and Adults)" is the title for "Should I take the French approach and limit snacks to one a day at a closely prescribed time? Or plan for a few small meals to fend off inevitable meltdowns? For my kids and me, I\'ve found it\'s best to snack -- with a caveat.".Generate a headline for the following article: Grow a Tree of Thanks: A simple way to share appreciations this holiday.', '"Simple Strategies to Ease Lunch Packing Pain" is the title for "It\'s a mere few weeks into the school year and I\'m already dreading lunch. What\'s more stressful is a tossup: the caffeine-enhanced frenzy of packing lunches at the crack of dawn or the frustration of opening my daughter\'s lunchbox at the end of a long school day to find it completely untouched.", and "New Foods to Try for Cinco de Mayo: Recipes to Enjoy as a Family" is the title for "With family and friends, we\'re coming together to cook and enjoy healthy, real foods -- familiar favorites like strawberries and mangoes along with a few new foods like jicama and tomatillos. Ready to join us? Here are a few easy recipes for hosting your own New Food Fiesta this Cinco de Mayo.", and "Healthy Halloween: Treats, Tricks and Tips" is the title for "I\'m not advocating eliminating candy all together. A treat or two every so often is fine. What I am arguing is that we should find ways to make it more balanced -- to bring a few fun and healthy Halloween treats and tricks to the party.", and "Cook With Your Kids: A Coda to Michael Pollan\'s New Book, Cooked" is the title for "Children represent our biggest opportunity for change when it comes to food. They are the most important part of the equation. Pollan urges us to "Eat food. Not too much. Mostly plants. And cook them." Let\'s add three more words to that slogan -- "with your kids."", and "Healthy Eating for Kids: Farmers Markets" is the title for "When it comes to healthy eating for kids, farmers markets build an important connection -- beyond the food.".Generate a headline for the following article: Should I take the French approach and limit snacks to one a day at a closely prescribed time? Or plan for a few small meals to fend off inevitable meltdowns? For my kids and me, I\'ve found it\'s best to snack -- with a caveat.', '"How Trump\'s Age -- And Health -- Could Play Out During His Presidency" is the title for "Worry and frustration in the Oval Office is at massive levels daily, and it is uncertain how Trump will handle it in the long term.", and "Republicans Reeling After Tim Murphy Announces His Resignation Amidst Scandal" is the title for "Leading up to the announcement were revelations that Murphy was having an extramarital affair with a young woman named Shannon Edwards.", and "The Hypocrisy Of Pro-Deportation Cuban Americans" is the title for "More and more, Cuban hardliners are speaking out in support of Trump.", and "The Rise And Fall Of Anthony Scaramucci" is the title for "You may recall Anthony Scaramucci as the Trump Administration’s short-lived Communications Director. He was recently ousted", and "Trump’s Impossible Dream: Bringing Back Manufacturing Jobs" is the title for "Bringing back manufacturing jobs is an impossibility not even someone who can single-handedly defeat ISIS could pull off.".Generate a headline for the following article: Kellyanne Conway, President Trump’s Counselor, is an impressive woman. Before she was in the Trump government, and even before', '"How Trump\'s Age -- And Health -- Could Play Out During His Presidency" is the title for "Worry and frustration in the Oval Office is at massive levels daily, and it is uncertain how Trump will handle it in the long term.", and "After Just One Month In Office, I\'m Getting That Sinking Feeling" is the title for "There are a lot of moving parts and lots of people to deal with. Ticking them off doesn’t work.", and "Kellyanne Conway An Unwilling Fall Woman" is the title for "Kellyanne Conway, President Trump’s Counselor, is an impressive woman. Before she was in the Trump government, and even before", and "The Alt-Right Movement Is Not Right" is the title for "We can only hope America doesn’t follow in the footsteps of many other once great nations.", and "Immigration And Jobs In A Post-Truth America" is the title for "Never let the truth get in the way of a good story – Mark Twain. To those who want to make America great again, it’s a story".Generate a headline for the following article: More and more, Cuban hardliners are speaking out in support of Trump.', '"Taking the Road Less Traveled in Tahoe" is the title for "The Cedar House Sport Hotel is located just outside of Lake Tahoe in the charming city of Truckee. It\'s tucked back in the forest, just minutes away from the town that seems pleasantly frozen in time. It was the perfect spot to start my "road less traveled" Tahoe weekend.", and "Stepping Into Spring" is the title for "Look for these fruits and vegetables at the market in the upcoming months, for the best flavor (and value).", and "Napa Valley, Perfect Weekend Getaway" is the title for "In a further attempt to tempt you to Napa in the near future, here is a list of some of my favorite places to enjoy when visiting the Napa Valley, all of which are currently up and running! So what are you waiting for?", and "Taste of Mexico" is the title for "Alexis is the executive chef overseeing all of the restaurants in the Grupo Vidanta hotels, including Grand Luxxe and Grand Mayan. He is a man that is passionate about food. He has a wealth of information when it comes to the cuisine of his homeland, Mexico.", and "A Real Slice of Greece" is the title for "This was a land beyond deadlines and traffic jams, untouched by tourists and time. You could see it in the landscape and taste it in even the simplest of foods. This was real, this was life, and this was Greece.".Generate a headline for the following article: As I stood in front of the Colosseum eating my bomboloni, the chatter of tourists humming in the air, I thought of Rome, past and present.', '"Lost Recipes" is the title for "I try to remind myself how she did it. Was it a pinch of thyme or oregano? When did she add the olive oil to the lentils? Some of the dishes almost bear her culinary signature. But of course none of them taste exactly the same.", and "A Dessert Worthy of the Gods" is the title for "I am currently traveling in Greece, preparing to film season 3 of The Cooking Odyssey, and life seems to be less about sweet & skinny and more about the old Greek proverb "all is well when the honey is sweet."", and "Stepping Into Spring" is the title for "Look for these fruits and vegetables at the market in the upcoming months, for the best flavor (and value).", and "On the Road Again" is the title for "Staying healthy while on the road has been a theme for me lately. Whether you are a frequent flyer, or just need a little extra inspiration, here are a few tips I picked up recently that will help to make traveling and eating healthfully easier to pull off.", and "Taste of Mexico" is the title for "Alexis is the executive chef overseeing all of the restaurants in the Grupo Vidanta hotels, including Grand Luxxe and Grand Mayan. He is a man that is passionate about food. He has a wealth of information when it comes to the cuisine of his homeland, Mexico.".Generate a headline for the following article: Now that fall has arrived, I am relishing the last batches of figs: putting them on pizzas, tossing them into salads and roasting them with honey.', '"Quick and Easy Thanksgiving Dessert" is the title for "Thanksgiving is a great holiday for feasting with friends, but it can also be stressful. To help make things a bit easier, here is my quick and simple version of pumpkin pie.", and "Napa Valley, Perfect Weekend Getaway" is the title for "In a further attempt to tempt you to Napa in the near future, here is a list of some of my favorite places to enjoy when visiting the Napa Valley, all of which are currently up and running! So what are you waiting for?", and "Stepping Into Spring" is the title for "Look for these fruits and vegetables at the market in the upcoming months, for the best flavor (and value).", and "Taste of Mexico" is the title for "Alexis is the executive chef overseeing all of the restaurants in the Grupo Vidanta hotels, including Grand Luxxe and Grand Mayan. He is a man that is passionate about food. He has a wealth of information when it comes to the cuisine of his homeland, Mexico.", and "The Top Food Trends for 2014" is the title for "Here are some of my top picks for foods to watch this year!".Generate a headline for the following article: For those of you not familiar with the delicious, buttery, flaky, pastry that is Kouign Amann, here\'s a bit of history', '"Quick and Easy Thanksgiving Dessert" is the title for "Thanksgiving is a great holiday for feasting with friends, but it can also be stressful. To help make things a bit easier, here is my quick and simple version of pumpkin pie.", and "Easter Haystack Cupcakes" is the title for "If, like me, you don\'t think you\'ll have time to prepare anything for Easter this year, this recipe will save the day!", and "Stepping Into Spring" is the title for "Look for these fruits and vegetables at the market in the upcoming months, for the best flavor (and value).", and "On the Road Again" is the title for "Staying healthy while on the road has been a theme for me lately. Whether you are a frequent flyer, or just need a little extra inspiration, here are a few tips I picked up recently that will help to make traveling and eating healthfully easier to pull off.", and "Lost Recipes" is the title for "I try to remind myself how she did it. Was it a pinch of thyme or oregano? When did she add the olive oil to the lentils? Some of the dishes almost bear her culinary signature. But of course none of them taste exactly the same.".Generate a headline for the following article: It\'s the ideal pie for me when I have a dozen other holiday dishes that need to be made.', '"A Dessert Worthy of the Gods" is the title for "I am currently traveling in Greece, preparing to film season 3 of The Cooking Odyssey, and life seems to be less about sweet & skinny and more about the old Greek proverb "all is well when the honey is sweet."", and "Quick and Easy Thanksgiving Dessert" is the title for "Thanksgiving is a great holiday for feasting with friends, but it can also be stressful. To help make things a bit easier, here is my quick and simple version of pumpkin pie.", and "On the Road Again" is the title for "Staying healthy while on the road has been a theme for me lately. Whether you are a frequent flyer, or just need a little extra inspiration, here are a few tips I picked up recently that will help to make traveling and eating healthfully easier to pull off.", and "Stepping Into Spring" is the title for "Look for these fruits and vegetables at the market in the upcoming months, for the best flavor (and value).", and "Schloss Reinhartshausen" is the title for "At breakfast time I looked out the windows onto the perfectly manicured garden, wondering if my great-grandmother used to sit out there with Princess Agathe.".Generate a headline for the following article: These simple tips from my cookbook, Sweet & Skinny, will help to cut fat and calories out of your diet, without leaving you feeling deprived.', '"President Chaos" is the title for "Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com Think of Donald Trump as the plutocratic id loosed in the White House.\xa0 And who hasn’t", and "The Unthinkable (Twenty-First Century Versions)" is the title for "Cross-posted from\xa0TomDispatch.com Once upon a time, long ago in another universe, the end of the world was left in the hands", and "Jet-Packing To Dystopia" is the title for "Cross-posted with TomDispatch.com “More than 25 years ago, as I sat on the roof of our house watching the neighborhood’s", and "My War on Terror" is the title for "We Americans usually reserve the more kindly word "patriot" for ourselves and use "nationalist" to diss other people who exhibit special feeling for their country.  In the extreme, it\'s "superpatriot" for us and "ultranationalist" for them.", and "Our Nameless Wars" is the title for "Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com Even though\xa0the article\xa0was buried at the bottom of page eight of the September 28th\xa0New".Generate a headline for the following article: Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com Let’s start with the universe and work our way in. Who cares? Not them because as far as', '"The Unthinkable (Twenty-First Century Versions)" is the title for "Cross-posted from\xa0TomDispatch.com Once upon a time, long ago in another universe, the end of the world was left in the hands", and "Our Nameless Wars" is the title for "Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com Even though\xa0the article\xa0was buried at the bottom of page eight of the September 28th\xa0New", and "Back To The Future On Prisoners Of The War On Terror" is the title for "Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com Karen Greenberg first arrived at TomDispatch in January 2005 in tandem with defense attorney", and "An Election That Has Next to Nothing to Do With You" is the title for "Money, they say, makes the world go round. So how\'s $10 billion for you? That\'s a top-end estimate for the record-breaking spending in this 1% presidential election campaign season.", and "My War on Terror" is the title for "We Americans usually reserve the more kindly word "patriot" for ourselves and use "nationalist" to diss other people who exhibit special feeling for their country.  In the extreme, it\'s "superpatriot" for us and "ultranationalist" for them.".Generate a headline for the following article: Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com In 1985, at age 41, I visited Disney World for the first time. I remember the experience', '"Jet-Packing To Dystopia" is the title for "Cross-posted with TomDispatch.com “More than 25 years ago, as I sat on the roof of our house watching the neighborhood’s", and "Our Nameless Wars" is the title for "Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com Even though\xa0the article\xa0was buried at the bottom of page eight of the September 28th\xa0New", and "President Chaos" is the title for "Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com Think of Donald Trump as the plutocratic id loosed in the White House.\xa0 And who hasn’t", and "(Over)Bearing Arms in America" is the title for "What was once the "tool" of law enforcement types, the military, and hunters is now the equivalent of an iPhone, a talisman of connection and social order. It\'s something that just about anyone can put in a pocket, a purse, or simply strap on in the full light of day in a land where all of us seem to be heading for the O.K. Corral.", and "A Bombing Program Designed for the Weapons Industry" is the title for "Let\'s try to get our heads around the latest U.S. air strikes in northern Iraq against the forces of the new "caliphate." It\'s a campaign that President Obama has already indicated is likely to go on for months and may soon enough spread south to the Baghdad area.".Generate a headline for the following article: Think of this as a little imperial folly update -- and here\'s the backstory. In the years after invading Iraq and disbanding Saddam Hussein\'s military, the U.S. sunk about $25 billion into "standing up" a new Iraqi army.', '"Our Nameless Wars" is the title for "Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com Even though\xa0the article\xa0was buried at the bottom of page eight of the September 28th\xa0New", and "Presidential Wars To The End Of Time" is the title for "For the leading officials of the Trump administration, the repeal of that now-ancient AUMF would “create significant opportunities for our enemies to seize the initiative.”", and "A Bombing Program Designed for the Weapons Industry" is the title for "Let\'s try to get our heads around the latest U.S. air strikes in northern Iraq against the forces of the new "caliphate." It\'s a campaign that President Obama has already indicated is likely to go on for months and may soon enough spread south to the Baghdad area.", and "Jet-Packing To Dystopia" is the title for "Cross-posted with TomDispatch.com “More than 25 years ago, as I sat on the roof of our house watching the neighborhood’s", and "The Great Vanishing" is the title for "Scientists believe that this round of mass extinction is accelerating, and one way or another, it all traces back to us, whether thanks to the way we are changing the planet\'s atmosphere or to what Kolbert terms a human-induced, often disastrous "intercontinental reshuffling of species."".Generate a headline for the following article: The more terrifying way to think about our president-elect\'s global conflicts of interest.', '"President Chaos" is the title for "Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com Think of Donald Trump as the plutocratic id loosed in the White House.\xa0 And who hasn’t", and "A Gold-Plated White House?" is the title for "Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com When you think about it, isn’t it strange that Donald Trump doesn’t represent the historical", and "Asia In Flames?" is the title for "Cross-posted with TomDispatch.com At the U.N. recently, Donald Trump followed up on his bloodcurdling threat to unleash on", and "Too Big to Jail? Why Kidnapping, Torture, Assassination, and Perjury Are No Longer Crimes in Washington" is the title for "Tthere is but one crime for which anyone in America\'s national security state can be held accountable in a court of law, and that\'s leaking information that might put those in it in a bad light or simply let the American public know something more about what its government is really doing.", and "Mental Health And Nuclear Weapons" is the title for "Donald Trump has shoved the president’s role as arms-purveyor-in-chief in everybody’s face.".Generate a headline for the following article: It seems that Bush is being forgotten, possibly on the grounds that no former president could look bad with Donald Trump in the White House.', '"America’s Afghan Highway To Nowhere" is the title for "What do you suppose Donald Trump’s generals have in mind when it comes to the future?", and "A Bombing Program Designed for the Weapons Industry" is the title for "Let\'s try to get our heads around the latest U.S. air strikes in northern Iraq against the forces of the new "caliphate." It\'s a campaign that President Obama has already indicated is likely to go on for months and may soon enough spread south to the Baghdad area.", and "My War on Terror" is the title for "We Americans usually reserve the more kindly word "patriot" for ourselves and use "nationalist" to diss other people who exhibit special feeling for their country.  In the extreme, it\'s "superpatriot" for us and "ultranationalist" for them.", and "Our Nameless Wars" is the title for "Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com Even though\xa0the article\xa0was buried at the bottom of page eight of the September 28th\xa0New", and "Estimating The Costs Of War, Then And Now" is the title for "Cross-posted with\xa0TomDispatch.com Who even remembers that, back in September 2002, Lawrence Lindsey, then President George".Generate a headline for the following article: Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com Back in May 2013, a word came to mind that I wanted to see in all our vocabularies.\xa0 It', '"Our Nameless Wars" is the title for "Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com Even though\xa0the article\xa0was buried at the bottom of page eight of the September 28th\xa0New", and "America\'s Predators Abroad" is the title for "Cross-posted from\xa0TomDispatch.com It’s been going on for so many years ― Predators cruising, looking for their prey. Some", and "Jet-Packing To Dystopia" is the title for "Cross-posted with TomDispatch.com “More than 25 years ago, as I sat on the roof of our house watching the neighborhood’s", and "Corralling The Fire And Fury President" is the title for "Cross-posted from\xa0TomDispatch.com Speaking of the situation on the Korean peninsula, he predicted that there would be “the", and "Outsourcing Injustice Forever And A Day" is the title for "Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com Few Americans ever took in the vastness of the prison outsourcing system the administration".Generate a headline for the following article: Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com Over the years, Ann Jones has confronted some of the most daunting and depressing issues', '"Build We Must -- Abroad But Not at Home" is the title for "As of this year, more U.S. and NATO money had been "squandered" on the "reconstruction" of Afghanistan than was spent on the full post-World War-II Marshall Plan to put a devastated Europe back on its feet. And how has all that spending turned out?", and "The Unthinkable (Twenty-First Century Versions)" is the title for "Cross-posted from\xa0TomDispatch.com Once upon a time, long ago in another universe, the end of the world was left in the hands", and "My War on Terror" is the title for "We Americans usually reserve the more kindly word "patriot" for ourselves and use "nationalist" to diss other people who exhibit special feeling for their country.  In the extreme, it\'s "superpatriot" for us and "ultranationalist" for them.", and "America\'s Predators Abroad" is the title for "Cross-posted from\xa0TomDispatch.com It’s been going on for so many years ― Predators cruising, looking for their prey. Some", and "A Post-Election Fever Dream" is the title for "At 72, I experienced election night with a 103-degree temperature, so it was literally a fever-dream for me. And in a certain".Generate a headline for the following article: Money, they say, makes the world go round. So how\'s $10 billion for you? That\'s a top-end estimate for the record-breaking spending in this 1% presidential election campaign season.', '"Our Nameless Wars" is the title for "Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com Even though\xa0the article\xa0was buried at the bottom of page eight of the September 28th\xa0New", and "Government Of, By, And For The Plutocrats" is the title for "Cross-posted from\xa0TomDispatch.com Who can keep up with the madness of our never-ending Trumpian media moment? Each day is", and "The Unthinkable (Twenty-First Century Versions)" is the title for "Cross-posted from\xa0TomDispatch.com Once upon a time, long ago in another universe, the end of the world was left in the hands", and "The Boondoggle Of Success" is the title for "Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com I’m sure you’ve heard about the $65 million. Or was it $86 million? Or was it even more", and "The Exxon Valdez Of Administrations" is the title for "Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com Back in May 2013, a word came to mind that I wanted to see in all our vocabularies.\xa0 It".Generate a headline for the following article: Cross-posted from\xa0TomDispatch.com Dystopian, yes. Unimaginable, no. In fact, a version of our present moment was imagined', '"Too Big to Jail? Why Kidnapping, Torture, Assassination, and Perjury Are No Longer Crimes in Washington" is the title for "Tthere is but one crime for which anyone in America\'s national security state can be held accountable in a court of law, and that\'s leaking information that might put those in it in a bad light or simply let the American public know something more about what its government is really doing.", and "Russians Invade Afghanistan (Again!), Chinese Fight Iraq War (Again!)" is the title for "Let\'s play a game, the kind that makes no sense on this single-superpower planet of ours. For a moment, do your best to suspend disbelief and imagine that there\'s another superpower, great power, or even regional power somewhere that, between 2001 and 2003, launched two major wars in the Greater Middle East.", and "What If Summer Came To Westeros?" is the title for "Cross-posted from\xa0TomDispatch.com If you’re looking for fairy tales that are on the grim (not Grimm) side, things that once", and "What Makes Washington \'Imperial\'?" is the title for "If imperial has any meaning in the post-colonial 21st century, it certainly means that the (super)power in question has an active interest in attempting to control significant swathes of the planet. In fact, there has never been a power, no matter how "great," that has, in such a militarized way, tried to put its stamp of control on so much of Planet Earth.", and "Our Nameless Wars" is the title for "Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com Even though\xa0the article\xa0was buried at the bottom of page eight of the September 28th\xa0New".Generate a headline for the following article: Cross-posted with TomDispatch.com Not that anyone in a position of power seems to notice, but there’s a simple rule for American', '"Our Nameless Wars" is the title for "Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com Even though\xa0the article\xa0was buried at the bottom of page eight of the September 28th\xa0New", and "President Chaos" is the title for "Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com Think of Donald Trump as the plutocratic id loosed in the White House.\xa0 And who hasn’t", and "Donald W. Bush?" is the title for "It seems that Bush is being forgotten, possibly on the grounds that no former president could look bad with Donald Trump in the White House.", and "A Gold-Plated White House?" is the title for "Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com When you think about it, isn’t it strange that Donald Trump doesn’t represent the historical", and "Corralling The Fire And Fury President" is the title for "Cross-posted from\xa0TomDispatch.com Speaking of the situation on the Korean peninsula, he predicted that there would be “the".Generate a headline for the following article: Cross-posted with TomDispatch.com At the U.N. recently, Donald Trump followed up on his bloodcurdling threat to unleash on', '"Our Nameless Wars" is the title for "Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com Even though\xa0the article\xa0was buried at the bottom of page eight of the September 28th\xa0New", and "President Chaos" is the title for "Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com Think of Donald Trump as the plutocratic id loosed in the White House.\xa0 And who hasn’t", and "The Unthinkable (Twenty-First Century Versions)" is the title for "Cross-posted from\xa0TomDispatch.com Once upon a time, long ago in another universe, the end of the world was left in the hands", and "Build We Must -- Abroad But Not at Home" is the title for "As of this year, more U.S. and NATO money had been "squandered" on the "reconstruction" of Afghanistan than was spent on the full post-World War-II Marshall Plan to put a devastated Europe back on its feet. And how has all that spending turned out?", and "The Most Dangerous Man On Earth" is the title for "Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com Let’s start with the universe and work our way in. Who cares? Not them because as far as".Generate a headline for the following article: Cross-posted with TomDispatch.com “More than 25 years ago, as I sat on the roof of our house watching the neighborhood’s', '"(Over)Bearing Arms in America" is the title for "What was once the "tool" of law enforcement types, the military, and hunters is now the equivalent of an iPhone, a talisman of connection and social order. It\'s something that just about anyone can put in a pocket, a purse, or simply strap on in the full light of day in a land where all of us seem to be heading for the O.K. Corral.", and "Our Nameless Wars" is the title for "Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com Even though\xa0the article\xa0was buried at the bottom of page eight of the September 28th\xa0New", and "The Great Vanishing" is the title for "Scientists believe that this round of mass extinction is accelerating, and one way or another, it all traces back to us, whether thanks to the way we are changing the planet\'s atmosphere or to what Kolbert terms a human-induced, often disastrous "intercontinental reshuffling of species."", and "Presidential Wars To The End Of Time" is the title for "For the leading officials of the Trump administration, the repeal of that now-ancient AUMF would “create significant opportunities for our enemies to seize the initiative.”", and "Too Big to Jail? Why Kidnapping, Torture, Assassination, and Perjury Are No Longer Crimes in Washington" is the title for "Tthere is but one crime for which anyone in America\'s national security state can be held accountable in a court of law, and that\'s leaking information that might put those in it in a bad light or simply let the American public know something more about what its government is really doing.".Generate a headline for the following article: Sometimes it’s hard to believe that my own country might usher in the collapse of the very environment that nurtured humanity all these millennia.', '"(Over)Bearing Arms in America" is the title for "What was once the "tool" of law enforcement types, the military, and hunters is now the equivalent of an iPhone, a talisman of connection and social order. It\'s something that just about anyone can put in a pocket, a purse, or simply strap on in the full light of day in a land where all of us seem to be heading for the O.K. Corral.", and "Their Barbarism and Ours" is the title for "It will come as no surprise to you that we\'re top-notch when it comes to denouncing barbarism -- as long as it\'s theirs. Unfortunately, when it comes to our own barbarism, we turn out to be a tad weaker, whether you\'re talking about torture or the deaths of children by drone.", and "Corralling The Fire And Fury President" is the title for "Cross-posted from\xa0TomDispatch.com Speaking of the situation on the Korean peninsula, he predicted that there would be “the", and "The Boondoggle Of Success" is the title for "Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com I’m sure you’ve heard about the $65 million. Or was it $86 million? Or was it even more", and "What If Summer Came To Westeros?" is the title for "Cross-posted from\xa0TomDispatch.com If you’re looking for fairy tales that are on the grim (not Grimm) side, things that once".Generate a headline for the following article: Sooner or later -- count on it -- the company or business you work for will be capable, via intelligent software, of monitoring every move you make, not to speak of everyone you may be in touch with while on the clock.', '"What If Summer Came To Westeros?" is the title for "Cross-posted from\xa0TomDispatch.com If you’re looking for fairy tales that are on the grim (not Grimm) side, things that once", and "Another \'Non-War Year\' In America" is the title for "Cross-posted from\xa0TomDispatch.com If you want to know something about life in America these days, consider how New York Times", and "America\'s Predators Abroad" is the title for "Cross-posted from\xa0TomDispatch.com It’s been going on for so many years ― Predators cruising, looking for their prey. Some", and "\'Never Leave The House\': Locked In With The National Security State" is the title for "Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com If you want to know just what kind of mental space Washington’s still-growing cult of “national", and "What Makes Washington \'Imperial\'?" is the title for "If imperial has any meaning in the post-colonial 21st century, it certainly means that the (super)power in question has an active interest in attempting to control significant swathes of the planet. In fact, there has never been a power, no matter how "great," that has, in such a militarized way, tried to put its stamp of control on so much of Planet Earth.".Generate a headline for the following article: Cross-posted with TomDispatch.com If you want a number, try 194. That’s how many countries there are on planet Earth (give', '"(Over)Bearing Arms in America" is the title for "What was once the "tool" of law enforcement types, the military, and hunters is now the equivalent of an iPhone, a talisman of connection and social order. It\'s something that just about anyone can put in a pocket, a purse, or simply strap on in the full light of day in a land where all of us seem to be heading for the O.K. Corral.", and "Their Barbarism and Ours" is the title for "It will come as no surprise to you that we\'re top-notch when it comes to denouncing barbarism -- as long as it\'s theirs. Unfortunately, when it comes to our own barbarism, we turn out to be a tad weaker, whether you\'re talking about torture or the deaths of children by drone.", and "How American Intelligence Works in the 21st Century" is the title for "An inability to predict the lay of tomorrow\'s land may, in a way, be par for the course.  If so, however, remind me: Why exactly are we supporting 17 versions of intelligence gathering to the tune of at least $68 billion a year?", and "The Method In His Madness" is the title for "Don’t expect the outbursts, the Islamophobic tweets or any  of it to end soon. It rallies the base. It works and he knows it.", and "An Empire Of Madness: My Version Of Our World In 2025" is the title for "Sometimes it’s hard to believe that my own country might usher in the collapse of the very environment that nurtured humanity all these millennia.".Generate a headline for the following article: Scientists believe that this round of mass extinction is accelerating, and one way or another, it all traces back to us, whether thanks to the way we are changing the planet\'s atmosphere or to what Kolbert terms a human-induced, often disastrous "intercontinental reshuffling of species."', '"Why Music, Part 8: The Messenger" is the title for "I see music as an essential component for the conscious awakening of the human race and the well-being of our planet. Music can help us as individuals to better cope with these external challenges and inspire us as a global community to come together in a more harmonious fashion.", and "Why Music, Part 6: Music and Creativity" is the title for "Music can help stimulate our imagination, one of the key components of the creative process. Listening to a song we love or fully immersing ourselves in a piece of beautiful music can shift our mood, create images in our mind, impact our limbic brain and open us up to new ideas.", and "The 3Ms Revolution: Three Keys to a Healthier, Happier Life" is the title for "y adding these essential ingredients into your daily routine, you will set your mind, body and spirit on a path lined with greater vitality, happiness and creativity. Try the 3M\'s for 30 days and see how it transforms your relationship with the world around you.", and "Why Music, Part 1: The Essential Ingredient" is the title for "I believe music is an essential ingredient for the cultivation of a more evolved global community and for the development of more intelligent, adaptable, creative and compassionate generations to come.", and "Why Music: The Secret Sauce of Success" is the title for "With all the evidence and examples of how early musical training can affect one\'s level of success, it should be a no-brainer that music be a prerequisite in every child\'s development and education.".Generate a headline for the following article: I find playing music to be one of my strongest personal therapies, not only from the state of being I can achieve while playing, but also from the energetic balancing and mood-enhancing effect on my mind, body and spirit throughout the day.', '"Why Music, Part 8: The Messenger" is the title for "I see music as an essential component for the conscious awakening of the human race and the well-being of our planet. Music can help us as individuals to better cope with these external challenges and inspire us as a global community to come together in a more harmonious fashion.", and "Intelligence Having Fun: A Multi-Player Game to Re-Define Creativity" is the title for "I don\'t personally think video games will re-define creativity, but I do believe they can offer a whole new range of opportunities for people, especially those who might be intimidated or unengaged by more traditional pathways, to enjoy the experience of creative and musical expression.", and "Why Music, Part 4: Music, the Healer" is the title for "Whether we using music as a source of joy and inspiration, a medicine for healing deep wounds, a therapy for physical rehabilitation, or a lifeline for surviving trauma and loss, music is undeniably one of mankind\'s greatest healing modalities.", and "Why Music, Part 6: Music and Creativity" is the title for "Music can help stimulate our imagination, one of the key components of the creative process. Listening to a song we love or fully immersing ourselves in a piece of beautiful music can shift our mood, create images in our mind, impact our limbic brain and open us up to new ideas.", and "Why Music, Part 9: Music and Spirituality" is the title for "Music is one of our most powerful gateways to connect to our spiritual nature -- our divine source -- the unseen, as well as to the universe around us and those other divine beings that inhabit it with us.".Generate a headline for the following article: I believe music is an essential ingredient for the cultivation of a more evolved global community and for the development of more intelligent, adaptable, creative and compassionate generations to come.', '"Flow Downstream" is the title for "Norman Fischer says, "Life comes and goes. Life comes and goes very quickly. We don\'t need to worry so much." When in doubt, find your footing in change. Instead of fighting the current, take cue, and for once in your life, flow downstream.", and "Sensation of Community" is the title for "Remember that the more you lean out, the more you tweet and seek and stretch to find another like you, there is a very deserving beautiful creature waiting and calling for your friendship too, and that creature is you.", and "Gratitude" is the title for "I am so grateful for this miraculous life. I can\'t explain exactly how I\'ve been thrust into such an evocative and openhearted place of gratitude exactly, but wow, am I feeling open, sunny, and joyful, and just so totally appreciative of the wonder of this all.", and "Making Room for Spiritual Practice" is the title for "Simply put, I define spiritual practice as something you do every single day that draws you deeper into who you really are, by connecting you with your divine self.", and "The Role of Vows" is the title for "How might I ripple and radiate out from the closest, most interior circles to the nether regions of the universe as an ever more welcoming, beaming, and loving presence?".Generate a headline for the following article: I won\'t pretend to sit here and know exactly how you should go about seizing the day and loving your sparkling, precious life. Only you know what thrills and depresses you, and so much of this comes from tapping the seriously-wise voice inside.', '"Paying Relaxed Attention" is the title for "Today, I entreat you, even if things are flowing beautifully, practice relaxing yourself from head to toe in the midst of your intense on-the-ball focus, and consciously melt deeper into gentle ease with each breath.", and "Vivid Dream" is the title for "To meet, manifest, or fulfill our dreams, we must accept where and who we are today. Life dreams are not hallucinations or fantasies that thrust us out of the present moment, but are instead about living in ultimate alignment with the truth of who we are in the present moment.", and "Flow Downstream" is the title for "Norman Fischer says, "Life comes and goes. Life comes and goes very quickly. We don\'t need to worry so much." When in doubt, find your footing in change. Instead of fighting the current, take cue, and for once in your life, flow downstream.", and "Awakened Hearing" is the title for "We have, as a culture, grown increasingly deaf to our inner selves. With frenzied minds, surface attachments, and noise levels on the rise, we are moving ever farther from tuning in to the temples of our bodies.", and "Sensation of Community" is the title for "Remember that the more you lean out, the more you tweet and seek and stretch to find another like you, there is a very deserving beautiful creature waiting and calling for your friendship too, and that creature is you.".Generate a headline for the following article: Whether you are struck by a lone shoot pushing through the cracks in pavement, the runt tree on your block, the intermittent flow of rain, the seeming forest of the park, the night sky, or the fallen leaves, please let nature be your teacher and think deliberately on these things.', '"Questions of Kindness" is the title for "Wouldn\'t it be wonderful if instead of shocking us, kindness was just plain regular, something we all shared and spread around freely, and that we all took time to celebrate along the way?", and "Touching Stillness" is the title for "Most of the time, it feels incredibly hard to access any inkling of a state of calm, and this assumed difficulty means that most of us have given calm up for impossible. We simply don\'t know how to make the space for another way of being.", and "Gratitude" is the title for "I am so grateful for this miraculous life. I can\'t explain exactly how I\'ve been thrust into such an evocative and openhearted place of gratitude exactly, but wow, am I feeling open, sunny, and joyful, and just so totally appreciative of the wonder of this all.", and "Losing Control, on Purpose!" is the title for "What\'s amazing is that when we consciously release our misery-inducing, controlling ways, we feel better! By this I mean, freer, more at ease, relaxed, and reassured in a manner that can only come from profoundly letting go.", and "Living and Loving Your Life!" is the title for "I won\'t pretend to sit here and know exactly how you should go about seizing the day and loving your sparkling, precious life. Only you know what thrills and depresses you, and so much of this comes from tapping the seriously-wise voice inside.".Generate a headline for the following article: What if we were joyful simply just because? We all know the feeling of our hearts spilling over with joy. Can you imagine feeling this way all the time, or at least believing you could feel this way at any given time?', '"Slow Down!" is the title for "Not only is slowing down restful, restorative, and recharging. It is vital. And it feels really good to boot. Slow downs also prep you for the high-tempo, crazy-fast, fluorescent and pumping number that is surely cued up as the very next song in your life.", and "The Five Healing Benefits of Breath" is the title for "When we count our breath, we count on our breath. We discover it is the ticket back to ourselves. The breath both coaches and coaxes us into self-reliance, not only for relaxation into sleeping states, but also for profound letting go in superlatively chaotic and awake states.", and "Losing Control, on Purpose!" is the title for "What\'s amazing is that when we consciously release our misery-inducing, controlling ways, we feel better! By this I mean, freer, more at ease, relaxed, and reassured in a manner that can only come from profoundly letting go.", and "Touching Stillness" is the title for "Most of the time, it feels incredibly hard to access any inkling of a state of calm, and this assumed difficulty means that most of us have given calm up for impossible. We simply don\'t know how to make the space for another way of being.", and "Questions of Kindness" is the title for "Wouldn\'t it be wonderful if instead of shocking us, kindness was just plain regular, something we all shared and spread around freely, and that we all took time to celebrate along the way?".Generate a headline for the following article: In taking a leavened, eyes-open view of our controlling emotion, we see through it and experience the curious and novel landscape beyond that of incapacity. When we honor its transparency, and accept it for what it is, helplessness is transformed into helpfulness.', '"Making Room for Spiritual Practice" is the title for "Simply put, I define spiritual practice as something you do every single day that draws you deeper into who you really are, by connecting you with your divine self.", and "Sensation of Community" is the title for "Remember that the more you lean out, the more you tweet and seek and stretch to find another like you, there is a very deserving beautiful creature waiting and calling for your friendship too, and that creature is you.", and "Vivid Dream" is the title for "To meet, manifest, or fulfill our dreams, we must accept where and who we are today. Life dreams are not hallucinations or fantasies that thrust us out of the present moment, but are instead about living in ultimate alignment with the truth of who we are in the present moment.", and "Experiencing Stillness" is the title for "There are no prerequisites for experiencing stillness. Nor is finding this kind of inner quiet exclusive to serious meditators or those who call themselves spiritual.", and "On Rebirth" is the title for "Each pregnancy is different. For me this one in particular has been about unweaving and sweeping out some of the most nagging and difficult thought patterns and threads of my early life.".Generate a headline for the following article: How do you deal with and feel about change? There are those change junkies out there who can\'t stop seeking the newest, most thrilling, most different thing around the bend. Then there are their opposites. Where do you fall along this spectrum?', '"Quick Tips for Choosing a Dog or Puppy" is the title for "As a dog trainer, I relish pre-adoptions consultations -- helping people consider the right dog for their lifestyle and preparing their household for the new addition.  Here are my top five tips.", and "Kids Will Be Kids, Whatever the Species" is the title for "As with kids, there are many paths to raising happy, well-socialized dogs.  It\'s important to recognize that each situation is unique -- not only to those involved, but to the age and personalities of the individual dog or puppy.", and "The Truth About Dogs and Chocolate" is the title for "Whether your ritual hides eggs or matzo, the general reward for either is a large dose of chocolate in a variety of forms. While that is celebratory for children (and many adults), it is something potentially deadly to a dog.", and "Vacation Bound! What to Do With the Pets?" is the title for "No matter where you travel, or who you leave behind, the end goal is to make your pet\'s day consistent and routine. Select an option that will give you the greatest peace of mind. Now pack up, unplug, and enjoy yourself. Bone voyage!", and "Positive vs. Negative Dog Training: What\'s in a Dog\'s Best Interest?" is the title for "Though I\'m often called the miracle worker, it\'s the dogs that always impress me.  The most forgiving and trusting of all the earth\'s creatures, I\'m left in awe of their healing abilities.".Generate a headline for the following article: "Pet owners can outline their wishes regarding how the income and principal is to be used to care for each individual pet, or suggest the trust be restrictive and only provide money for the pet\'s medical care."', '"Kids Will Be Kids, Whatever the Species" is the title for "As with kids, there are many paths to raising happy, well-socialized dogs.  It\'s important to recognize that each situation is unique -- not only to those involved, but to the age and personalities of the individual dog or puppy.", and "Consider Your Pets in Your Will" is the title for ""Pet owners can outline their wishes regarding how the income and principal is to be used to care for each individual pet, or suggest the trust be restrictive and only provide money for the pet\'s medical care."", and "Separation Anxiety and Seasonal Enrichments" is the title for "I always encourage my clients to look at their life from their dog\'s perspective. Many of my current complaints can be traced to the August to September transformation, with dogs suffering the worst bouts of anxiety and frustration when suddenly left alone.", and "The Truth About Dogs and Chocolate" is the title for "Whether your ritual hides eggs or matzo, the general reward for either is a large dose of chocolate in a variety of forms. While that is celebratory for children (and many adults), it is something potentially deadly to a dog.", and "Quick Tips for Choosing a Dog or Puppy" is the title for "As a dog trainer, I relish pre-adoptions consultations -- helping people consider the right dog for their lifestyle and preparing their household for the new addition.  Here are my top five tips.".Generate a headline for the following article: Our lizard has brought forth a valuable lesson and one that opens other doors of financial consideration.  Families need to have an open discussion, both with each other and with their veterinarians. There are many measures that can be taken to manage medical costs.', '"Explore America: Long Beach And The Annual Toyota Grand Prix Of Long Beach (PHOTOS)" is the title for "This is one of the biggest events in Long Beach and thus is a big boon to the local economy. Each year, this promises to be a fun weekend for the car enthusiast in the family -- or if you\'re looking for something to do that\'s new.", and "Explore America: Nebraska\'s Prairie \'Chickens And Stars\' Event (PHOTOS)" is the title for "If you\'re already in Nebraska for the annual Sandhill Crane migration or if you simply appreciate wildlife in America and are looking for some place to go for a nice road trip, another interesting only-in-Nebraska event is that it\'s prairie chicken mating season.", and "Explore America: The Annual San Marino Motor Classic" is the title for "This might be just the event for those hankering to see beautiful vintage cars and can\'t wait for Pebble Beach up north in August.", and "Explore America: One Of Ohio\'s Best Kept Secrets Is Wine" is the title for "Ohio wineries might be one of the state\'s best kept secrets, something worth exploring when visiting the Buckeye state.", and "Explore America: Boston Tea Party Ships And Museum" is the title for "Visitors here learn about the events that led to Dec. 16, 1773, and they go onto the decks of the ship for a re-enactment of the dumping of tea into Boston Harbor.".Generate a headline for the following article: While "Virginia is For Lovers" has been the widely recognized ad slogan for 43 years, the state is also now fast becoming the destination for wine lovers.', '"Explore America: Nebraska\'s Prairie \'Chickens And Stars\' Event (PHOTOS)" is the title for "If you\'re already in Nebraska for the annual Sandhill Crane migration or if you simply appreciate wildlife in America and are looking for some place to go for a nice road trip, another interesting only-in-Nebraska event is that it\'s prairie chicken mating season.", and "Explore America: Magic Moments And Places A La \'Before Sunrise\'" is the title for "I don\'t know where I\'ve been, but I only just recently watched 1995\'s "Before Sunrise" and thanks to Netflix\'s speedy delivery, eagerly saw the 2004 sequel "Before Sunset" for the first time. My mind has been in a reverie ever since. We have so few nice surprises in life, that it\'s thrilling to discover a new movie or song, even if it\'s old to others and these movies delivered on both.", and "New (Old) Road Trip Music" is the title for "More Americans go on road trips in the summer than any other time of year and part of the fun is -- what songs do we want to hear on the playlist?", and "Explore America: Long Beach And The Annual Toyota Grand Prix Of Long Beach (PHOTOS)" is the title for "This is one of the biggest events in Long Beach and thus is a big boon to the local economy. Each year, this promises to be a fun weekend for the car enthusiast in the family -- or if you\'re looking for something to do that\'s new.", and "Nebraska\'s Annual Sandhill Crane Migration" is the title for "You don\'t have to fly to another continent to see an epic migration in progress. There is one place in America that hosts what might be one of the last great wildlife migrations we can still witness.".Generate a headline for the following article: When we think Nevada, our minds often go to Las Vegas. But not everything happens in Vegas.', '"Explore America: Long Beach And The Annual Toyota Grand Prix Of Long Beach (PHOTOS)" is the title for "This is one of the biggest events in Long Beach and thus is a big boon to the local economy. Each year, this promises to be a fun weekend for the car enthusiast in the family -- or if you\'re looking for something to do that\'s new.", and "New (Old) Road Trip Music" is the title for "More Americans go on road trips in the summer than any other time of year and part of the fun is -- what songs do we want to hear on the playlist?", and "Explore America: Virginia Is For Wine Lovers" is the title for "While "Virginia is For Lovers" has been the widely recognized ad slogan for 43 years, the state is also now fast becoming the destination for wine lovers.", and "Explore America: Nebraska\'s Prairie \'Chickens And Stars\' Event (PHOTOS)" is the title for "If you\'re already in Nebraska for the annual Sandhill Crane migration or if you simply appreciate wildlife in America and are looking for some place to go for a nice road trip, another interesting only-in-Nebraska event is that it\'s prairie chicken mating season.", and "Explore America: Celebrity Travel Spotlight With Singer-Songwriter Kath Bloom" is the title for "News broke recently that a third movie called "Before Midnight" in the "Before Sunrise" franchise recently wrapped in Greece to the delight of many worldwide who wondered if we would ever see more of those characters played by Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy.".Generate a headline for the following article: Visitors here learn about the events that led to Dec. 16, 1773, and they go onto the decks of the ship for a re-enactment of the dumping of tea into Boston Harbor.', '"Food Porn: Inside Marcus Samuelsson\'s iPhone" is the title for "Look at an exclusive peek into Samuelsson\'s day-to-day culinary adventures, including his Inauguration Day snacks and a meal he recently prepared for Alicia Keys.", and "10 Best-Dressed Pregnant Ladies" is the title for "More from Vanity Fair: Contrary to popular belief, most medical professional do not recommend that pregnant women avoid flattering", and "Top Chef Food Porn: Talde Orders" is the title for "You may know Dale Talde as the lovable two-time cheftestant who didn\'t quite make it to the finish line on Bravo\'s Top Chef. But the ambitious Asian-fusion connoisseur is now making a local name for himself in Park Slope, Brooklyn.", and "Uzo Aduba Plans To Use Her Voice \'As Often And As Loudly As Possible\' To Protest" is the title for "By Paul Chi Netflix’s acclaimed series “Orange is the New Black” ended last season with the heartbreaking death of fan favorite", and "Michelle Obama\'s Full Fashion Analysis at the D.N.C." is the title for "Today, Vanity Fair national political editor Todd S. Purdum discussed the "substance" and "words" and "point" of First Lady Michelle Obama\'s flawless speech at last night\'s Democratic National Convention. This post will not be covering any of that.".Generate a headline for the following article: That the Big Day necessitates a big-deal dress is a fact that most brides internalize in grade school.']