['"Investing In a Larger Down Payment: High Yields and No Risk" is the title for "Consumers looking to purchase a home within the near future face many decisions, including how large a down payment to make. The down payment is the sale price (confirmed by a appraisal) less the loan amount. In most cases, home purchasers must have financial assets at least as large as the down payment they make.", and "Some Recent Letters on Downsizing and Mortgage Lender Mistakes" is the title for "In pricing loans used to purchase a home, lenders distinguish three possible uses of the property. Mortgages used to purchase a house that the purchasers intend to occupy as their primary residence get the best price.", and "Do You Have a Simple Interest Mortgage?" is the title for "This is a good time, therefore, for borrowers to make sure that their mortgage has not been converted into a SIM, and if it has, to develop a plan for protecting themselves. It isn\'t all that difficult once you know the drill.", and "Why and How to Eliminate Mortgage Charges by Third Parties" is the title for "Third-party settlement costs could be eliminated by implementation of one simple rule: any service required by lenders as a condition for the granting of a home mortgage must be purchased and paid for by the lender.", and "Why Many Good Mortgage Loans Are Not Being Made" is the title for "The housing sector today is not providing the economic stimulus we had come to expect during periods of economic recovery. A major reason is that the underwriting rules and practices are much stricter today than they were before the financial crisis.".Generate a headline for the following article: Your loans were made at the height of the housing bubble, and looked like a great deal at the time. By using a HELOC as a "piggyback" second mortgage, you were not required to make a down payment or to purchase mortgage insurance.', '"Some Recent Letters on Downsizing and Mortgage Lender Mistakes" is the title for "In pricing loans used to purchase a home, lenders distinguish three possible uses of the property. Mortgages used to purchase a house that the purchasers intend to occupy as their primary residence get the best price.", and "The Pre-Crisis HELOC Chickens Are Coming Home to Roost" is the title for "Your loans were made at the height of the housing bubble, and looked like a great deal at the time. By using a HELOC as a "piggyback" second mortgage, you were not required to make a down payment or to purchase mortgage insurance.", and "Do You Have a Simple Interest Mortgage?" is the title for "This is a good time, therefore, for borrowers to make sure that their mortgage has not been converted into a SIM, and if it has, to develop a plan for protecting themselves. It isn\'t all that difficult once you know the drill.", and "Why and How to Eliminate Mortgage Charges by Third Parties" is the title for "Third-party settlement costs could be eliminated by implementation of one simple rule: any service required by lenders as a condition for the granting of a home mortgage must be purchased and paid for by the lender.", and "Conventional Versus FHA: Which Should You Choose?" is the title for "Don\'t jump to the conclusion that the better choice is the mortgage with the lower interest rate. FHAs carry a lower interest rate but largely because of their high insurance premiums, they usually (but not always) cost the borrower more.".Generate a headline for the following article: Homeowners sell their homes and buy other homes for a variety of reasons including a need to live closer to a place of employment, to be closer to family, to enjoy a better climate, or simply to upgrade. This article is about finding the best sequence of steps in the process.', '"Why and How to Eliminate Mortgage Charges by Third Parties" is the title for "Third-party settlement costs could be eliminated by implementation of one simple rule: any service required by lenders as a condition for the granting of a home mortgage must be purchased and paid for by the lender.", and "Investing In a Larger Down Payment: High Yields and No Risk" is the title for "Consumers looking to purchase a home within the near future face many decisions, including how large a down payment to make. The down payment is the sale price (confirmed by a appraisal) less the loan amount. In most cases, home purchasers must have financial assets at least as large as the down payment they make.", and "Selling a House to Buy a House" is the title for "Homeowners sell their homes and buy other homes for a variety of reasons including a need to live closer to a place of employment, to be closer to family, to enjoy a better climate, or simply to upgrade. This article is about finding the best sequence of steps in the process.", and "Conventional Versus FHA: Which Should You Choose?" is the title for "Don\'t jump to the conclusion that the better choice is the mortgage with the lower interest rate. FHAs carry a lower interest rate but largely because of their high insurance premiums, they usually (but not always) cost the borrower more.", and "A New Challenge to the HECM Reverse Mortgage Program" is the title for "The United States today faces a retirement funds crisis: a rapidly growing number of persons who are retiring without the financial capacity to support themselves during ever-increasing life spans.".Generate a headline for the following article: The tontine is an investment scheme where each of a group of participants pays a specified sum into a fund and receives a pro rata share of the income generated by the fund, but when a participant dies their share is divided among those remaining. As the number of participants dwindles, those remaining receive increasingly large distributions.', '"National Park Views Not To Be Missed (PHOTOS)" is the title for "America\'s national parks offer some of the most gorgeous scenery in the country, from Yellowstone to Florida. Here are some of our favorite views.", and "5 Spectacular National Park Road Trips You Need On Your Bucket List" is the title for "Nothing gets us more excited for summer than the prospect of an epic road trip: wind whipping through open car windows, highways flanked by stunning landscapes. Luckily, this is an easy reality in the U.S., thanks to an abundance of amazing national parks.", and "The World\'s Most Famous Streets" is the title for "Whether they\'re known for prime people watching or retail therapy, there are some streets in the world that are simply destinations", and "Hotel Suites Good Enough For The President (PHOTOS)" is the title for "The commander-in-chief checks in and out of rooms across the globe, but only a few stateside properties have made the White House staff repeat customers -- check out these 13 hotels fit for a president.", and "Secrets to Saving Time and Money at Amusement Parks" is the title for "Amusement parks are the stuff that kids\' dreams are made of. And guess what? It doesn\'t have to be a nightmare for parents either.".Generate a headline for the following article: Late spring and early summer bring prime weather for outdoor exploration, but these international national parks drop jaws year-round -- no Instagram filters needed.', '"Can You Recognize Your City From Above?" is the title for "Some of the best city views happen above the city. Click through for your own sky-high tour of the world...", and "12 Sochi Olympics Facts to Impress Your Friends" is the title for "The Olympics is now an out-of-this-world occurrence, too. For the first time, the Olympic torch has traveled out of the Earth\'s orbit, onto the International Space Station, and into the vacuum of space. (Unlit, of course.)", and "How to Stay Safe While Traveling Solo" is the title for "Traveling alone, especially as a woman, will test your intuition, confidence, taste for adventure, and sense of self. The people you meet along the way will be a mirror to how you present yourself in that moment.", and "National Park Views Not To Be Missed (PHOTOS)" is the title for "America\'s national parks offer some of the most gorgeous scenery in the country, from Yellowstone to Florida. Here are some of our favorite views.", and "First-Class Travel: What\'s Inside Airline Amenity Kits (PHOTOS)" is the title for "One of the best parts about flying in the front of the plane is that the airlines dole out amenity kits packed with all those little things that make long-haul flights more comfortable".Generate a headline for the following article: The virtue of the infinity pool, besides the uninterrupted views of course, it the sense of privilege that comes from possessing your own private horizon.', '"Escape Route: Hotels With Secret Entrances and Exits" is the title for "If you\'ve got the means and the desire, you can find several hotels around the country that offer stealth access for VIPs. Here are five of the coolest.", and "How To Take Better Travel Photos" is the title for "Unhappy with your vacation snapshots? We tapped photographer Craig Easton for his best travel photo tips. Here, Easton shares his best advice for taking the best travel photos, whether you want to Instagram them or not.", and "Can You Recognize Your City From Above?" is the title for "Some of the best city views happen above the city. Click through for your own sky-high tour of the world...", and "The Best Islands in the World" is the title for "Every year in our annual Readers\' Choice Awards, we ask our fellow travelers to rate the world\'s best hotels, islands, airlines, and cruise lines. Just in time for getting your mind off of fall, we present the best islands in the world.", and "Top 10 Small Cruise Ships In The World" is the title for "Condé Nast Traveler readers voted in our 2012 Cruise Poll and here are the results: the best small ships in the world.".Generate a headline for the following article: After rounding up the best coastal drives in the U.S., Australia, and Ireland, you responded with your favorite ocean roads around the globe.', '"Ken Jennings, Jeopardy! Champ, Discovers A Nameless Town" is the title for "Because the "Name" field on the form had been left blank, the form was stamped "Nameless," and the name stuck.", and "5 Surprising Ways People Are Using Airbnb" is the title for "Airbnb CEO and cofounder Brian Chesky was in our office this morning talking about his company\'s plans for the future. While he mentioned many interesting things, the most fascinating was his list of the unexpected ways people use Airbnb.", and "The 5 Most Beautiful Places In The World" is the title for "Pinpointing every breathtaking place on the planet could take a lifetime, but we think that these 5 otherworldly landscapes and awe-inspiring natural wonders need to move to the very top of your travel bucket list.", and "The Norwegian Town Whose Name Is One Letter Long" is the title for "Manufacturing the world\'s longest town name sure put the village of Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch, Wales on the map--if there are any maps that actually have room for a 58-letter town.", and "The Friendliest Caribbean Islands" is the title for "As if the incredible beaches, luxurious pools, and delectable cocktails weren\'t enough draw to visit the Caribbean, the region is also home to some of the world\'s warmest and nicest human beings.".Generate a headline for the following article: In 2008, a Russian newspaper and TV channel held a massive competition to name the official "Seven Wonders of Russia." Topping the list was a place that few international tourists visit due to its remote location: the "Blue Eye of Siberia," the "Sacred Sea," sickle-shaped Lake Baikal.', '"Top 10 Small Cruise Ships In The World" is the title for "Condé Nast Traveler readers voted in our 2012 Cruise Poll and here are the results: the best small ships in the world.", and "The 12 Most Scenic Islands in the World" is the title for "Islands are generally pretty gorgeous -- they are islands, after all. But the 12 that made it to the top of our reader ratings.", and "Can You Recognize Your City From Above?" is the title for "Some of the best city views happen above the city. Click through for your own sky-high tour of the world...", and "11 New Amusement Park Rides Worth Waiting In Line For (PHOTOS)" is the title for "New-this-summer amusement park rides around the world that we think will be worth the wait in those mind-numbing lines.", and "Best Road Trips: Iconic American Drives Worth the Gas Money" is the title for "With the price of gas trending downward, there\'s no better time to jump in the car, put the top down, and head out for a drive. Here, we have 10 itineraries for some of the country\'s most classic road trips.".Generate a headline for the following article: Every year in our annual Readers\' Choice Awards, we ask our fellow travelers to rate the world\'s best hotels, islands, airlines, and cruise lines. Just in time for getting your mind off of fall, we present the best islands in the world.', '"Why Does It Take So Long to Get Through Airport Security?" is the title for "Although the TSA is set to expand its popular PreCheck fast lanes this fall, the agency is under pressure to speed up screening for even more fliers, so all aspects of the checkpoint experience are being scrutinized.", and "The 10 Hottest New Bars Around The World (PHOTOS)" is the title for "What\'s a vacation without one amazing -- perhaps even epic -- evening out? Here are some of the world\'s most happening new spots.", and "Father\'s Day Gift Ideas: Because Dad Deserves a Vacation, Not More Ties" is the title for "Golf getaways, foodie vacations and even some off-the-wall travel gizmos: we\'ve rounded up the trips and gifts our dad really wants for Father\'s Day.", and "Best Road Trips: Iconic American Drives Worth the Gas Money" is the title for "With the price of gas trending downward, there\'s no better time to jump in the car, put the top down, and head out for a drive. Here, we have 10 itineraries for some of the country\'s most classic road trips.", and "Best Cities To Visit In 2013" is the title for "These electric and eclectic world cities are ripe for a visit this year. Here\'s why.".Generate a headline for the following article: 3. Val d\'Isère, France What\'s cool:\xa0Though some bemoan this mega resort for being crowded, pricey, and even a bit gauche', '"For Your Daydreaming Pleasure: 7 Spas With Unbelievable Views" is the title for "All of these spa hotels and resorts are highly rated by our readers -- and all offer transporting natural surroundings to make your stay feel like a true escape.", and "Rooftop Bars With Unbeatable Views (PHOTOS)" is the title for "We dig a hotel with a gorgeous view, so it\'s no surprise we can\'t stop staring at the photos of these rooftop bars, all atop Condé Nast Traveler-approved properties.", and "Hotels in Incredible Locations" is the title for "Some are on the beach and some are in cities, but all of these hotels earn perfect scores in the location category.", and "The Best Far-Flung Hotels Worth The Trip" is the title for "For Condé Nast Traveler, by CNT Editors. These Gold List hotels may require a longer drive or a connecting flight (or two", and "How To Turn A Deal Into A Dream Trip" is the title for "Sometimes a "deal" is no deal at all. But sometimes it\'s just a few tweaks away from the trip of a lifetime. This is the story of how I turned a low-budget Caribbean cruise -- on a crowded megaship with a run-of-the-mill \xaditinerary -- into my family\'s best vacation in years.".Generate a headline for the following article: Private island dining, Michelin-starred meals, breakfast with elephants -- it\'s all on offer at these top-rated hotels from our 2013 Gold List.', '"Hotel Suites Good Enough For The President (PHOTOS)" is the title for "The commander-in-chief checks in and out of rooms across the globe, but only a few stateside properties have made the White House staff repeat customers -- check out these 13 hotels fit for a president.", and "Incredible UNESCO Sites You May Never See Again" is the title for "Of the 981 properties included on UNESCO\'s World Heritage List, some 44 are categorized as in-danger, for reasons ranging from political instability to irresponsible tourism.", and "The World\'s Oldest Tree Looks Very Familiar" is the title for "At just 16 feet tall, Old Tjikko is tiny compared to its 180-foot siblings on the Fulufjället Mountain in Sweden, but it has the proud stature of a great redwood -- standing a little straighter as the oldest single-stemmed clonal tree in the world.", and "An Underwater Photo Tour of the Galápagos Islands" is the title for "By Chaney Kwak, CNTraveler.com The Galápagos Islands recently landed on our list of Top 10 Islands in Australia and the Pacific", and "7 Incredible Infinity Pools (PHOTOS)" is the title for "The virtue of the infinity pool, besides the uninterrupted views of course, it the sense of privilege that comes from possessing your own private horizon.".Generate a headline for the following article: The entire list of 154 properties spans the globe, from a tiny one-suite find in Chiang Mai to a luxe safari camp in Tanzania', '"10 Places to Skip During Spring Break, and Where to Go Instead" is the title for "Some of the world\'s most gorgeous beach destinations are taken hostage by crowds of rowdy college students in the delightful ritual known as Spring Break.", and "The World\'s Oldest Tree Looks Very Familiar" is the title for "At just 16 feet tall, Old Tjikko is tiny compared to its 180-foot siblings on the Fulufjället Mountain in Sweden, but it has the proud stature of a great redwood -- standing a little straighter as the oldest single-stemmed clonal tree in the world.", and "First-Class Travel: What\'s Inside Airline Amenity Kits (PHOTOS)" is the title for "One of the best parts about flying in the front of the plane is that the airlines dole out amenity kits packed with all those little things that make long-haul flights more comfortable", and "12 Sochi Olympics Facts to Impress Your Friends" is the title for "The Olympics is now an out-of-this-world occurrence, too. For the first time, the Olympic torch has traveled out of the Earth\'s orbit, onto the International Space Station, and into the vacuum of space. (Unlit, of course.)", and "Best Road Trips: Iconic American Drives Worth the Gas Money" is the title for "With the price of gas trending downward, there\'s no better time to jump in the car, put the top down, and head out for a drive. Here, we have 10 itineraries for some of the country\'s most classic road trips.".Generate a headline for the following article: One of the most famous landmarks on the Oregon coast is Haystack Rock, forever known as Goonies Rock, thanks to its appearance at the end of the 1981 kidventure flick The Goonies.', '"Top 10 Small Cruise Ships In The World" is the title for "Condé Nast Traveler readers voted in our 2012 Cruise Poll and here are the results: the best small ships in the world.", and "Awesome and Artful Vintage Olympic Posters" is the title for "There are a lot of advertisements out there for the Sochi Olympics right now, but these vintage travel posters are the ones we prefer.", and "For Your Daydreaming Pleasure: 7 Spas With Unbelievable Views" is the title for "All of these spa hotels and resorts are highly rated by our readers -- and all offer transporting natural surroundings to make your stay feel like a true escape.", and "The World\'s Most Famous Streets" is the title for "Whether they\'re known for prime people watching or retail therapy, there are some streets in the world that are simply destinations", and "How Not to Look Like a Tourist in Berlin" is the title for "Put your map away and enjoy getting lost in the city; you\'ll be surprised how diverse and charming the different districts are. West Berlin, for example, is enjoying a renaissance, and has recently changed in the eyes of many locals from boring no-go zone to the new and exciting place to be.".Generate a headline for the following article: Beach season is officially here, and though there are many amazing shorelines to explore, our readers are partial to island beaches.', '"Escape Route: Hotels With Secret Entrances and Exits" is the title for "If you\'ve got the means and the desire, you can find several hotels around the country that offer stealth access for VIPs. Here are five of the coolest.", and "The Strangest Hotel Butlers Around the World" is the title for "A fireplace butler? A fragrance concierge? They\'re real, and you\'ll find them -- plus plenty of other super-specific assistants -- at hotels around the world...", and "World\'s Most Over-The-Top Hotel Suites (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Believe it or not, luxury hotels can\'t build suites fast enough to keep up with skyrocketing demand. As a growing international elite takes the lid off luxury, Christian L. Wright checks into some extraordinary rooms for a taste of the really good life.", and "7 Great Hikes Around The World (PHOTOS)" is the title for "These hikes  may be the loveliest in the world. Go for a walk.", and "The 5 Top U.S. National Parks, In Photos" is the title for "The U.S. national parks, scattered throughout the U.S. and its territories, truly have it all.".Generate a headline for the following article: Poor cigarette smokers. As nonsmoking spaces become the norm in the U.S. and around the world, it must be hard for them to find hotel rooms where they\'re allowed to light up.', '"Visiting Famous Authors\' Homes (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Authors\' homes are their castles, offices and -- more often than not -- places of pilgrimage for their fans.", and "9 Restaurants With Secret Service Entrances" is the title for "-- Kate Parham, Condé Nast Traveler With the White House, more than 160 embassies, and Congress all in our nation\'s capitol", and "The North American Region That Uses Euros" is the title for "About 6,000 people still live on the archipelago of Saint Pierre and Miquelon, just 12 miles off the coast of Newfoundland. Even though they\'re far from the motherland, these French citizens still sing "La Marseillaise," vote in French national elections, and do business in Euros.", and "Best New Hotels In The U.S. And Canada" is the title for "4. EAST, Miami, FL Proof that Miami has more to offer than beaches and buzzy clubs — the city’s biggest opening last year", and "The Best Beaches In Africa" is the title for "These standouts span from the Ivory Coast to the Seychelles, and all the way down to South Africa.".Generate a headline for the following article: Frozen treats are way more than just chocolate and vanilla in these far-flung countries.', '"How to Eat Healthy Around the World (Bone Broth, Anyone?)" is the title for "Almost every culture incorporates restorative foods into its cuisine as much for their delicious flavors as for their beneficial nutrients. Treat yourself to the best of both worlds.", and "Visiting Famous Authors\' Homes (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Authors\' homes are their castles, offices and -- more often than not -- places of pilgrimage for their fans.", and "Olympians\' Favorite Spots In London And Back Home" is the title for "We gathered some of America\'s favorite all-stars -- including 17-year-old phenom Missy Franklin, who just won a gold medal in the 100-meter backstroke -- to talk about their favorite hometown jaunts", and "How The Filthy Rich Really Travel" is the title for "Six members of the Russian parliament, their wives and adult children had planned a monthlong, $1 million vacation in Canada fishing, hunting, and stopping in Montreal for plastic surgery.", and "Escape Route: Hotels With Secret Entrances and Exits" is the title for "If you\'ve got the means and the desire, you can find several hotels around the country that offer stealth access for VIPs. Here are five of the coolest.".Generate a headline for the following article: Pastry chefs like Dominique Ansel, François Payard and Andrea Litvin spend their days crafting up delicious sweets for the world to enjoy. But what are their favorite desserts? We find out.', '"Hotel Suites Good Enough For The President (PHOTOS)" is the title for "The commander-in-chief checks in and out of rooms across the globe, but only a few stateside properties have made the White House staff repeat customers -- check out these 13 hotels fit for a president.", and "Awesome and Artful Vintage Olympic Posters" is the title for "There are a lot of advertisements out there for the Sochi Olympics right now, but these vintage travel posters are the ones we prefer.", and "Escape Route: Hotels With Secret Entrances and Exits" is the title for "If you\'ve got the means and the desire, you can find several hotels around the country that offer stealth access for VIPs. Here are five of the coolest.", and "The 5 Best Boardwalks In The U.S." is the title for "While the attractions and bathing suit styles may have changed over the years, the laid-back summer vibes have not.", and "Dream Villa Vacations Worth The Splurge (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Even if these spots are out of your price range, there\'s no harm in taking a peek.".Generate a headline for the following article: Name recognition is the only thing you\'ll sacrifice if you swap out the usual tourist attractions for these lesser-known spots.', '"Rooftop Bars With Unbeatable Views (PHOTOS)" is the title for "We dig a hotel with a gorgeous view, so it\'s no surprise we can\'t stop staring at the photos of these rooftop bars, all atop Condé Nast Traveler-approved properties.", and "Strange and Funny Bathroom Signs From Around the World" is the title for "Loo, john, latrine, oval office, outhouse, W.C., throne room -- whatever you call it, it\'s a place we all have to visit sometime, no matter where we are in the world. But while the experience is universal, the way we label the space varies greatly.", and "Best Road Trips: Iconic American Drives Worth the Gas Money" is the title for "With the price of gas trending downward, there\'s no better time to jump in the car, put the top down, and head out for a drive. Here, we have 10 itineraries for some of the country\'s most classic road trips.", and "The Best New Bars of 2013" is the title for "No matter where you\'re hitting the town -- from New York to Shanghai -- these bars, clubs, and cocktail establishments will have you at the center of the city\'s nightlife scene.", and "How I Beat Jet Lag" is the title for "I can\'t sleep on planes -- at least, not in coach. So I work on my laptop throughout the flight and then, upon arrival, shut off the laptop and make the rest of the day about getting outdoor exercise and sunlight. I usually walk around all day, sightseeing, and don\'t stop moving till 7 p.m.".Generate a headline for the following article: We dig a hotel with a gorgeous view, so it\'s no surprise we can\'t stop staring at the photos of these 14 rooftop bars.', '"The Best New Bars of 2013" is the title for "No matter where you\'re hitting the town -- from New York to Shanghai -- these bars, clubs, and cocktail establishments will have you at the center of the city\'s nightlife scene.", and "Where To Bar Hop Like A Politician In Washington, D.C. (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Whether you\'re voting for Obama or Romney, these are the Washington, D.C., hot spots where you can drink like a politician -- and maybe even spot a few in action.", and "Great Alternatives To Common Tourist Traps" is the title for "Name recognition is the only thing you\'ll sacrifice if you swap out the usual tourist attractions for these lesser-known spots.", and "A Hotel Manager On The Hectic Job Of Hosting The President" is the title for "He always come in the back entrance; we decided we need to rename it the "BaRack entrance" he came so often.", and "How Not to Look Like a Tourist in Berlin" is the title for "Put your map away and enjoy getting lost in the city; you\'ll be surprised how diverse and charming the different districts are. West Berlin, for example, is enjoying a renaissance, and has recently changed in the eyes of many locals from boring no-go zone to the new and exciting place to be.".Generate a headline for the following article: No matter where you choose, book any of these yoga retreats and you\'ll come back feeling zen, tan, and uh, bendy.', '"The Nervous Flier\'s Guide To Mid-Air Bumps And Glitches" is the title for "Despite the reassurance that you\'re more likely to win the lottery or be struck by lightning than end up in an aircraft accident, you still can\'t brush off all nervousness when it\'s time to board and news headlines of tech glitches and turbulence don\'t help the cause. Here, we explain a few bumps that may cause flying anxiety.", and "7 Great Hikes Around The World (PHOTOS)" is the title for "These hikes  may be the loveliest in the world. Go for a walk.", and "What Millennials Can Teach Us About Travel" is the title for "They haven\'t been traveling long, but it may be that Millennials, those precocious darlings of demographers born in the mid-\'80s, are the world\'s most accomplished travelers. Whatever your age, the travel tricks of Millennials offer generally good guidance.", and "Escape Route: Hotels With Secret Entrances and Exits" is the title for "If you\'ve got the means and the desire, you can find several hotels around the country that offer stealth access for VIPs. Here are five of the coolest.", and "Like Food Trucks For Shopping: 11 Mobile Stores To Visit (PHOTOS)" is the title for "The phrase "truck shop" does not conjure images of sartorial grandeur. But call it the next iteration of the food cart phenomenon, and we bet you\'re intrigued.".Generate a headline for the following article: You can\'t be a slave to the fashionistas when you\'re a slave to the overhead storage bin. My system may not be stylish, but it has stood the test of hundreds of thousands of air miles. Here is the unvarnished truth about what my wheelie looks like when you open it.', '"World\'s Most Obscure Flags Explained (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Let me take you on a guided tour of the 10 weirdest national flags to be found around the world.", and "How Not to Look Like a Tourist in Berlin" is the title for "Put your map away and enjoy getting lost in the city; you\'ll be surprised how diverse and charming the different districts are. West Berlin, for example, is enjoying a renaissance, and has recently changed in the eyes of many locals from boring no-go zone to the new and exciting place to be.", and "Is the \'Smoketel\' the Strangest Travel Idea Yet?" is the title for "Poor cigarette smokers. As nonsmoking spaces become the norm in the U.S. and around the world, it must be hard for them to find hotel rooms where they\'re allowed to light up.", and "The Best Islands in the World" is the title for "Every year in our annual Readers\' Choice Awards, we ask our fellow travelers to rate the world\'s best hotels, islands, airlines, and cruise lines. Just in time for getting your mind off of fall, we present the best islands in the world.", and "It Is Possible! How to Fit Everything You Need into One Carry-On" is the title for "You can\'t be a slave to the fashionistas when you\'re a slave to the overhead storage bin. My system may not be stylish, but it has stood the test of hundreds of thousands of air miles. Here is the unvarnished truth about what my wheelie looks like when you open it.".Generate a headline for the following article: These hikes  may be the loveliest in the world. Go for a walk.', '"How To Take Better Travel Photos" is the title for "Unhappy with your vacation snapshots? We tapped photographer Craig Easton for his best travel photo tips. Here, Easton shares his best advice for taking the best travel photos, whether you want to Instagram them or not.", and "Ken Jennings, Jeopardy! Champ, Discovers A Nameless Town" is the title for "Because the "Name" field on the form had been left blank, the form was stamped "Nameless," and the name stuck.", and "This Gorgeous Lake Holds 1/5 of the Earth\'s Freshwater" is the title for "In 2008, a Russian newspaper and TV channel held a massive competition to name the official "Seven Wonders of Russia." Topping the list was a place that few international tourists visit due to its remote location: the "Blue Eye of Siberia," the "Sacred Sea," sickle-shaped Lake Baikal.", and "Best Road Trips: Iconic American Drives Worth the Gas Money" is the title for "With the price of gas trending downward, there\'s no better time to jump in the car, put the top down, and head out for a drive. Here, we have 10 itineraries for some of the country\'s most classic road trips.", and "How Not to Look Like a Tourist in Berlin" is the title for "Put your map away and enjoy getting lost in the city; you\'ll be surprised how diverse and charming the different districts are. West Berlin, for example, is enjoying a renaissance, and has recently changed in the eyes of many locals from boring no-go zone to the new and exciting place to be.".Generate a headline for the following article: Airbnb CEO and cofounder Brian Chesky was in our office this morning talking about his company\'s plans for the future. While he mentioned many interesting things, the most fascinating was his list of the unexpected ways people use Airbnb.', '"Escape Route: Hotels With Secret Entrances and Exits" is the title for "If you\'ve got the means and the desire, you can find several hotels around the country that offer stealth access for VIPs. Here are five of the coolest.", and "Hotels in Incredible Locations" is the title for "Some are on the beach and some are in cities, but all of these hotels earn perfect scores in the location category.", and "Awesome and Artful Vintage Olympic Posters" is the title for "There are a lot of advertisements out there for the Sochi Olympics right now, but these vintage travel posters are the ones we prefer.", and "Is the \'Smoketel\' the Strangest Travel Idea Yet?" is the title for "Poor cigarette smokers. As nonsmoking spaces become the norm in the U.S. and around the world, it must be hard for them to find hotel rooms where they\'re allowed to light up.", and "The World\'s Most Famous Streets" is the title for "Whether they\'re known for prime people watching or retail therapy, there are some streets in the world that are simply destinations".Generate a headline for the following article: Sure, cats and dogs are fun hotel pets, but so are the penguins, wolves and giraffes that call these resorts around the world home.', '"Best New Hotels Of 2013" is the title for "The entire list of 154 properties spans the globe, from a tiny one-suite find in Chiang Mai to a luxe safari camp in Tanzania", and "National Park Views Not To Be Missed (PHOTOS)" is the title for "America\'s national parks offer some of the most gorgeous scenery in the country, from Yellowstone to Florida. Here are some of our favorite views.", and "Hotels in Incredible Locations" is the title for "Some are on the beach and some are in cities, but all of these hotels earn perfect scores in the location category.", and "How to Eat Healthy Around the World (Bone Broth, Anyone?)" is the title for "Almost every culture incorporates restorative foods into its cuisine as much for their delicious flavors as for their beneficial nutrients. Treat yourself to the best of both worlds.", and "The World\'s Most Famous Streets" is the title for "Whether they\'re known for prime people watching or retail therapy, there are some streets in the world that are simply destinations".Generate a headline for the following article: Of the 981 properties included on UNESCO\'s World Heritage List, some 44 are categorized as in-danger, for reasons ranging from political instability to irresponsible tourism.', '"Is the \'Smoketel\' the Strangest Travel Idea Yet?" is the title for "Poor cigarette smokers. As nonsmoking spaces become the norm in the U.S. and around the world, it must be hard for them to find hotel rooms where they\'re allowed to light up.", and "Fourth Of July: Amazing State Capitol Buildings (PHOTOS)" is the title for "State capitals may be hotbeds of partisan madness, but they are also the hubs around which local economies, cultures and sentiments spin.", and "How to Stay Safe Abroad in Uncertain Times" is the title for "While I\'m no counterterrorism expert, I think I\'m in a position to suggest a few smart things that travelers headed to uncertain areas can do, say, carry, and wear. I\'m headed to Morocco myself in November. Go ahead and travel. Just be smart about it. How? Read on.", and "20 Tips For Trouble-Free Trips" is the title for "Our time-tested advice on how to solve the 20 problems that crop up most frequently. Read on to maximize your chances of truly happy trails.", and "The Sneaky Hotel Fee You Should Always Check For" is the title for "Extra fees at hotels have become a big money maker. Check the terms and conditions of your potential reservation before you unwittingly agree to pay for something you may not want.".Generate a headline for the following article: Carry-on restrictions and baggage fees be damned: Our readers love to shop on vacation, and they know where to do it. Nearly', '"12 Sochi Olympics Facts to Impress Your Friends" is the title for "The Olympics is now an out-of-this-world occurrence, too. For the first time, the Olympic torch has traveled out of the Earth\'s orbit, onto the International Space Station, and into the vacuum of space. (Unlit, of course.)", and "Themed Hotel Rooms Around The World (PHOTOS)" is the title for "There is the bed. There is the minibar. There is the bathroom. There is the closet. Typical accommodations offer no break from monotony and might even make it worse.", and "Best Road Trips: Iconic American Drives Worth the Gas Money" is the title for "With the price of gas trending downward, there\'s no better time to jump in the car, put the top down, and head out for a drive. Here, we have 10 itineraries for some of the country\'s most classic road trips.", and "The Norwegian Town Whose Name Is One Letter Long" is the title for "Manufacturing the world\'s longest town name sure put the village of Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch, Wales on the map--if there are any maps that actually have room for a 58-letter town.", and "Hotel Suites Good Enough For The President (PHOTOS)" is the title for "The commander-in-chief checks in and out of rooms across the globe, but only a few stateside properties have made the White House staff repeat customers -- check out these 13 hotels fit for a president.".Generate a headline for the following article: There are a lot of advertisements out there for the Sochi Olympics right now, but these vintage travel posters are the ones we prefer.', '"Best Road Trips: Iconic American Drives Worth the Gas Money" is the title for "With the price of gas trending downward, there\'s no better time to jump in the car, put the top down, and head out for a drive. Here, we have 10 itineraries for some of the country\'s most classic road trips.", and "The World\'s Oldest Tree Looks Very Familiar" is the title for "At just 16 feet tall, Old Tjikko is tiny compared to its 180-foot siblings on the Fulufjället Mountain in Sweden, but it has the proud stature of a great redwood -- standing a little straighter as the oldest single-stemmed clonal tree in the world.", and "5 Spectacular National Park Road Trips You Need On Your Bucket List" is the title for "Nothing gets us more excited for summer than the prospect of an epic road trip: wind whipping through open car windows, highways flanked by stunning landscapes. Luckily, this is an easy reality in the U.S., thanks to an abundance of amazing national parks.", and "12 Sochi Olympics Facts to Impress Your Friends" is the title for "The Olympics is now an out-of-this-world occurrence, too. For the first time, the Olympic torch has traveled out of the Earth\'s orbit, onto the International Space Station, and into the vacuum of space. (Unlit, of course.)", and "Awesome and Artful Vintage Olympic Posters" is the title for "There are a lot of advertisements out there for the Sochi Olympics right now, but these vintage travel posters are the ones we prefer.".Generate a headline for the following article: When we head into the great outdoors, we generally want an equally great indoors waiting for us. Also some hot chocolate.', '"The Hottest Places To Honeymoon In 2012 (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Unlike some travelers who wouldn\'t be caught dead at last year\'s "it" resort, honeymooners tend to be a less fickle bunch. Still, every year has its buzzy honeymoon spots, and 2012 is no exception.", and "Escape Route: Hotels With Secret Entrances and Exits" is the title for "If you\'ve got the means and the desire, you can find several hotels around the country that offer stealth access for VIPs. Here are five of the coolest.", and "Travel Clothes That Feel Like Pajamas (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Clothes that are chic yet comfy enough to wear on a long-haul flight? That combination has at last been mastered.", and "Stay In This Apocalypse-Themed Suite (If The World Doesn\'t End)" is the title for "At the Roxbury boutique motel in the Catskills, there\'s a new end-of-the-world room opening this month...", and "How Not to Look Like a Tourist in Berlin" is the title for "Put your map away and enjoy getting lost in the city; you\'ll be surprised how diverse and charming the different districts are. West Berlin, for example, is enjoying a renaissance, and has recently changed in the eyes of many locals from boring no-go zone to the new and exciting place to be.".Generate a headline for the following article: 4. EAST, Miami, FL Proof that Miami has more to offer than beaches and buzzy clubs — the city’s biggest opening last year', '"How to Eat Healthy Around the World (Bone Broth, Anyone?)" is the title for "Almost every culture incorporates restorative foods into its cuisine as much for their delicious flavors as for their beneficial nutrients. Treat yourself to the best of both worlds.", and "Pastry Chefs Reveal Their Favorite Desserts Around the World" is the title for "Pastry chefs like Dominique Ansel, François Payard and Andrea Litvin spend their days crafting up delicious sweets for the world to enjoy. But what are their favorite desserts? We find out.", and "The World\'s Most Inspiring Vacation Spots" is the title for "Find a little inspiration on your next vacation by visiting the places where Georgia O\'Keeffe, Robert Frost, Pablo Picasso, and other famous artists did their best work.", and "How The Filthy Rich Really Travel" is the title for "Six members of the Russian parliament, their wives and adult children had planned a monthlong, $1 million vacation in Canada fishing, hunting, and stopping in Montreal for plastic surgery.", and "9 Restaurants With Secret Service Entrances" is the title for "-- Kate Parham, Condé Nast Traveler With the White House, more than 160 embassies, and Congress all in our nation\'s capitol".Generate a headline for the following article: Authors\' homes are their castles, offices and -- more often than not -- places of pilgrimage for their fans.', '"7 Great Hikes Around The World (PHOTOS)" is the title for "These hikes  may be the loveliest in the world. Go for a walk.", and "What Millennials Can Teach Us About Travel" is the title for "They haven\'t been traveling long, but it may be that Millennials, those precocious darlings of demographers born in the mid-\'80s, are the world\'s most accomplished travelers. Whatever your age, the travel tricks of Millennials offer generally good guidance.", and "9 Animals You Wouldn\'t Expect To See In A Hotel (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Sure, cats and dogs are fun hotel pets, but so are the penguins, wolves and giraffes that call these resorts around the world home.", and "Escape Route: Hotels With Secret Entrances and Exits" is the title for "If you\'ve got the means and the desire, you can find several hotels around the country that offer stealth access for VIPs. Here are five of the coolest.", and "It Is Possible! How to Fit Everything You Need into One Carry-On" is the title for "You can\'t be a slave to the fashionistas when you\'re a slave to the overhead storage bin. My system may not be stylish, but it has stood the test of hundreds of thousands of air miles. Here is the unvarnished truth about what my wheelie looks like when you open it.".Generate a headline for the following article: State capitals may be hotbeds of partisan madness, but they are also the hubs around which local economies, cultures and sentiments spin.', '"World\'s Best Hotels For Food Lovers (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Private island dining, Michelin-starred meals, breakfast with elephants -- it\'s all on offer at these top-rated hotels from our 2013 Gold List.", and "Beach Vacations With More Than Just Sand and Surf" is the title for "Because sand and surf aren\'t always enough, here are a ton of beach resorts that offer no-fail, keep-everyone-happy activities for a perfect beach vacation -- and then some.", and "The World\'s Weirdest Hotels" is the title for "From hotels shaped like donuts to capsules jutting from the edge of a cliff, these are the world\'s most weird and wonderful accommodations.", and "Hotels in Incredible Locations" is the title for "Some are on the beach and some are in cities, but all of these hotels earn perfect scores in the location category.", and "Escape Route: Hotels With Secret Entrances and Exits" is the title for "If you\'ve got the means and the desire, you can find several hotels around the country that offer stealth access for VIPs. Here are five of the coolest.".Generate a headline for the following article: All of these spa hotels and resorts are highly rated by our readers -- and all offer transporting natural surroundings to make your stay feel like a true escape.', '"The World\'s Weirdest Hotels" is the title for "From hotels shaped like donuts to capsules jutting from the edge of a cliff, these are the world\'s most weird and wonderful accommodations.", and "World\'s Most Over-The-Top Hotel Suites (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Believe it or not, luxury hotels can\'t build suites fast enough to keep up with skyrocketing demand. As a growing international elite takes the lid off luxury, Christian L. Wright checks into some extraordinary rooms for a taste of the really good life.", and "The 12 Most Scenic Islands in the World" is the title for "Islands are generally pretty gorgeous -- they are islands, after all. But the 12 that made it to the top of our reader ratings.", and "Best Road Trips: Iconic American Drives Worth the Gas Money" is the title for "With the price of gas trending downward, there\'s no better time to jump in the car, put the top down, and head out for a drive. Here, we have 10 itineraries for some of the country\'s most classic road trips.", and "Why Does Airplane Food Taste So Bad? Turns Out, It\'s All Your Fault" is the title for "The tests revealed that the cabin atmosphere--pressurized at 8,000 feet--combined with the cool, dry cabin air "makes your".Generate a headline for the following article: From $40,000 suites with remote-controlled toilets, to 6,000-square-foot duplexes that are "price upon request," these are the most expensive suites at Las Vegas\' top hotels.', '"The Best New Bars of 2013" is the title for "No matter where you\'re hitting the town -- from New York to Shanghai -- these bars, clubs, and cocktail establishments will have you at the center of the city\'s nightlife scene.", and "Like Food Trucks For Shopping: 11 Mobile Stores To Visit (PHOTOS)" is the title for "The phrase "truck shop" does not conjure images of sartorial grandeur. But call it the next iteration of the food cart phenomenon, and we bet you\'re intrigued.", and "Best Road Trips: Iconic American Drives Worth the Gas Money" is the title for "With the price of gas trending downward, there\'s no better time to jump in the car, put the top down, and head out for a drive. Here, we have 10 itineraries for some of the country\'s most classic road trips.", and "The Best Islands in the World" is the title for "Every year in our annual Readers\' Choice Awards, we ask our fellow travelers to rate the world\'s best hotels, islands, airlines, and cruise lines. Just in time for getting your mind off of fall, we present the best islands in the world.", and "Rooftop Bars With Unbeatable Views (PHOTOS)" is the title for "We dig a hotel with a gorgeous view, so it\'s no surprise we can\'t stop staring at the photos of these rooftop bars, all atop Condé Nast Traveler-approved properties.".Generate a headline for the following article: Loo, john, latrine, oval office, outhouse, W.C., throne room -- whatever you call it, it\'s a place we all have to visit sometime, no matter where we are in the world. But while the experience is universal, the way we label the space varies greatly.', '"The Best New Bars of 2013" is the title for "No matter where you\'re hitting the town -- from New York to Shanghai -- these bars, clubs, and cocktail establishments will have you at the center of the city\'s nightlife scene.", and "A Hotel Manager On The Hectic Job Of Hosting The President" is the title for "He always come in the back entrance; we decided we need to rename it the "BaRack entrance" he came so often.", and "The Met Museum Isn\'t the Only One With Cool Admission Tags" is the title for "Inspired by the Metropolitan Museum of Art\'s iconic museum admission button -- and its retirement from service last week -- we\'re celebrating the creativity of admission tags, stickers, and tickets at other museums around the world. Did we miss your favorite?", and "The Best Beaches In Africa" is the title for "These standouts span from the Ivory Coast to the Seychelles, and all the way down to South Africa.", and "7 Incredible Infinity Pools (PHOTOS)" is the title for "The virtue of the infinity pool, besides the uninterrupted views of course, it the sense of privilege that comes from possessing your own private horizon.".Generate a headline for the following article: "The Midwest -- American beer\'s ancestral seats -- finally stealing the spotlight back from the craft brew-sodden coasts."', '"Best Road Trips: Iconic American Drives Worth the Gas Money" is the title for "With the price of gas trending downward, there\'s no better time to jump in the car, put the top down, and head out for a drive. Here, we have 10 itineraries for some of the country\'s most classic road trips.", and "Can You Recognize Your City From Above?" is the title for "Some of the best city views happen above the city. Click through for your own sky-high tour of the world...", and "5 Spectacular National Park Road Trips You Need On Your Bucket List" is the title for "Nothing gets us more excited for summer than the prospect of an epic road trip: wind whipping through open car windows, highways flanked by stunning landscapes. Luckily, this is an easy reality in the U.S., thanks to an abundance of amazing national parks.", and "12 Sochi Olympics Facts to Impress Your Friends" is the title for "The Olympics is now an out-of-this-world occurrence, too. For the first time, the Olympic torch has traveled out of the Earth\'s orbit, onto the International Space Station, and into the vacuum of space. (Unlit, of course.)", and "5 Roman Ceilings Better Than the Sistine Chapel" is the title for "Many people don\'t know that Rome is replete with equally stunning ceiling art painted during the apex of the Baroque period -- and that are much less crowded than the Sistine Chapel. These are the ones worth the crick in your neck.".Generate a headline for the following article: Texas native Stephen Orr takes the road less traveled on a drive through the Lone Star State\'s wild western borderlands.', '"12 Sochi Olympics Facts to Impress Your Friends" is the title for "The Olympics is now an out-of-this-world occurrence, too. For the first time, the Olympic torch has traveled out of the Earth\'s orbit, onto the International Space Station, and into the vacuum of space. (Unlit, of course.)", and "Best Road Trips: Iconic American Drives Worth the Gas Money" is the title for "With the price of gas trending downward, there\'s no better time to jump in the car, put the top down, and head out for a drive. Here, we have 10 itineraries for some of the country\'s most classic road trips.", and "How This Gloomy Norwegian Town \'Stole\' the Sun" is the title for "Rjukan lies at the bottom of a narrow east-west valley called the Vestfjord, and the view south is dominated by an imposing mile-high peak, Gaustatoppen. From September 28 to March 12 every year, the Norwegian sun sinks so low in the sky that Rjukan lies in perpetual shadow.", and "The Nervous Flier\'s Guide To Mid-Air Bumps And Glitches" is the title for "Despite the reassurance that you\'re more likely to win the lottery or be struck by lightning than end up in an aircraft accident, you still can\'t brush off all nervousness when it\'s time to board and news headlines of tech glitches and turbulence don\'t help the cause. Here, we explain a few bumps that may cause flying anxiety.", and "Winter-Proof Log Cabins For A Snowstorm Getaway (PHOTOS)" is the title for "When we head into the great outdoors, we generally want an equally great indoors waiting for us. Also some hot chocolate.".Generate a headline for the following article: Nothing gets us more excited for summer than the prospect of an epic road trip: wind whipping through open car windows, highways flanked by stunning landscapes. Luckily, this is an easy reality in the U.S., thanks to an abundance of amazing national parks.', '"The World\'s Weirdest Hotels" is the title for "From hotels shaped like donuts to capsules jutting from the edge of a cliff, these are the world\'s most weird and wonderful accommodations.", and "The Sneaky Hotel Fee You Should Always Check For" is the title for "Extra fees at hotels have become a big money maker. Check the terms and conditions of your potential reservation before you unwittingly agree to pay for something you may not want.", and "Top 10 Small Cruise Ships In The World" is the title for "Condé Nast Traveler readers voted in our 2012 Cruise Poll and here are the results: the best small ships in the world.", and "The 32 Best Trips Condé Nast Traveler Has Ever Seen" is the title for "In honor of Condé Nast Traveler\'s 25th anniversary, we\'ve collected 32 trips of a lifetime -- all with unprecedented private access and unique experiences -- and we\'re offering them at crazy discounts in our World on Sale event. And no, we\'re not making any money off of this.", and "Best Road Trips: Iconic American Drives Worth the Gas Money" is the title for "With the price of gas trending downward, there\'s no better time to jump in the car, put the top down, and head out for a drive. Here, we have 10 itineraries for some of the country\'s most classic road trips.".Generate a headline for the following article: From small and scrappy vessels to big barges, boats of all stripes have inspired unique accommodations.', '"How to Live in Paradise for Less Than $1,500 a Month" is the title for "First off, there is a HUGE difference between being on vacation and living abroad. That image you have of sitting around on a beach chair all day with a coconut drink in your hand at a luxurious resort?", and "Ten Tips To Stay Safe While Traveling Abroad" is the title for "I\'ve been fortunate enough to travel all around the world but also witnessed an unbelievable array of street scams and hustles. But please don\'t let that discourage you from grabbing your passport and exploring the beautiful world we live in; you\'ll find most places to be as safe as your front porch if you exercise some basic rules of caution.", and "10 Things to Consider Before You Move to a Foreign Country and Become an Expatriate" is the title for "Every year 6.6 million U.S. citizens call another country home. Whatever the reason for buying a one-way ticket to being an expatriate, they have some important choices to make once they get there.", and "The 20 Golden Rules of Business Blogging" is the title for "Writing great blogs for your business is one of the most valuable marketing techniques you will find, yet it is often forgotten.", and "13 Tips to Stay Safe Through Any Travel Emergency" is the title for "Far from home, in a foreign country, an emergency can leave us in dire circumstances -- and even be life-threatening. Thankfully, I\'ve learned to not only survive but thrive in the face of misfortune. So here are 13 tips to stay safe through any travel emergency.".Generate a headline for the following article: It\'s amazing what you pack when you have three minutes to fit your whole life in a bag. I grabbed my laptop, my passport, five t-shirts, flip flops, a swim suit, my external hard drive and my puppy. What was I forgetting? Underwear? Optional.', '"Dispatch: The Costa Rica Earthquake Felt In Nicaragua" is the title for "It\'s amazing what you pack when you have three minutes to fit your whole life in a bag. I grabbed my laptop, my passport, five t-shirts, flip flops, a swim suit, my external hard drive and my puppy. What was I forgetting? Underwear? Optional.", and "10 Things to Consider Before You Move to a Foreign Country and Become an Expatriate" is the title for "Every year 6.6 million U.S. citizens call another country home. Whatever the reason for buying a one-way ticket to being an expatriate, they have some important choices to make once they get there.", and "Ten Tips To Stay Safe While Traveling Abroad" is the title for "I\'ve been fortunate enough to travel all around the world but also witnessed an unbelievable array of street scams and hustles. But please don\'t let that discourage you from grabbing your passport and exploring the beautiful world we live in; you\'ll find most places to be as safe as your front porch if you exercise some basic rules of caution.", and "The Border You\'ve Never Heard About" is the title for "Driving north for an hour from the city of Liberia in Costa Rica, past skinny cows in postcard-green meadows, one wonders if civilization is ever going to reemerge, and then the taxi driver slams on his brakes.", and "Behind The Scenes With A Hotel Towel Thief" is the title for "In the game of laundered larceny it\'s assumed, and even encouraged that the guest will take the little bottles of shampoo, conditioners, tissues, soaps, pens and pads. But what\'s the policy on towels? Do hotels even closely monitor towels being stolen?".Generate a headline for the following article: First off, there is a HUGE difference between being on vacation and living abroad. That image you have of sitting around on a beach chair all day with a coconut drink in your hand at a luxurious resort?', '"Walking the Tightrope of Life" is the title for "We all struggle to make proper use of our time and abilities. We want to be as successful, as helpful and as accomplished as possible. But we simply cannot do everything. For us to make proper choices, we much root ourselves in positive values and establish clear, rooted guidelines that govern our choices and actions.", and "Snow, the Great Harmonizer" is the title for "The purity of fresh whiteness, the softness expressed by a blanket of white over trees, streets, roads and waterways shifts us down a notch.  We are touched by the beauty that surrounds us and are in better spirits, even with the inconveniences that it invariably causes.", and "More Than a Glorified Teacher\'s Aide" is the title for "We also are doing a far better job at staffing our schools with the special education personnel that can oversee the progress of these students and offer appropriate advice and support for teachers and parents.", and "Back to the Future?" is the title for "It is my strong belief that if we, as an educational community, are to succeed in taking full advantage of our ever-evolving "21st century" tools, we first need to commit ourselves to sharpening our understanding and usage of some "20th century" (or older) educational staples.", and "Parking on Solid Ground" is the title for "As I was pondering this reality shift -- what appeared to be good and functional yesterday looked quite silly and inept today -- I was struck by the lesson that it offers. Life emerges from a certain context.".Generate a headline for the following article: We all wish to be happy. We seek material bounty, fulfilling relationships, peace and a connection with nature. But we know that there\'s another, deeper aspect to happiness, one that scientists cannot measure. It is the fulfillment of our calling and mission, giving us the deep satisfaction that our time here on earth was most fulfilling, for us and those who we impacted.', '"Are You a Great Listener?" is the title for "To succeed in today\'s business world, leaders must be proactive, skilled listeners. Leaders who make themselves accessible for conversation and listen regularly are well informed of the goings on in their workplaces.", and "Putting the Emphasis Where It Belongs" is the title for "A leader\'s primary role is to advance her team and to engage their collective talents towards the goals that they have set. How she performs individually is of little consequence if the process falls behind schedule or comes in over budget. When the team wins she wins.", and "More Than a Glorified Teacher\'s Aide" is the title for "We also are doing a far better job at staffing our schools with the special education personnel that can oversee the progress of these students and offer appropriate advice and support for teachers and parents.", and "Our Values Show the Way" is the title for "The choice between saving lives and preserving our own careers may be clear enough. However, in many cases, the gap between competing values may not be as wide.", and "From Rejection to Redemption" is the title for "Still, what kind of life do we live when we are filled with bitter resentment and refuse to move forward and embrace new opportunities?".Generate a headline for the following article: In taking these steps, leaders demonstrate a genuine interest in and respect for their people and their new environment. While this may not fully assuage the fears of those who worry about their new boss and her agenda, it should help put the majority of folks at ease as they settle into their new reality.', '"Woman Wins Fake Contest and Receives an Underwater Scuba Diving Proposal [VIDEO]" is the title for "Zahra could have never known that when she entered a contest on Travel Blog California, she was about to win the best prize of her life.", and "Why Peeta And Katniss From \'The Hunger Games\' Should Get Engaged" is the title for "As a Proposal Planner, I interview hundreds of men in my profession, and I ask them why they feel that their relationship and the person they\'re with is the one. Despite how different each relationship is, nearly all men mention six things. I saw these six things with Peeta and Katniss.", and "Is Proposing On The Internet OK?" is the title for "I am all about being innovative, thinking outside of the box, and keeping up with the times.  But I do not think that proposing on the Internet is appropriate. It really does take away from the intimacy of a proposal.", and "Why Proposing Is Like Preparing For The Olympics" is the title for "With the Olympic Games set to start at the end of this month, there is an air of excitement building around the world.  As a Proposal Planner, it got me thinking that participating in the Olympics and proposing marriage have a lot in common.", and "12 Valentine\'s Day Proposal Dos and Don\'ts" is the title for "Proposing on Valentine\'s Day can be tricky. On one hand, it is the most romantic day of the year so it can be a good day to pop the question. On the other hand, proposing on a holiday can turn super cheesy if it isn\'t done properly.".Generate a headline for the following article: My client\'s concerns included finding a "gay-friendly" proposal venue and making sure that the crowds would be accepting of her and her partner showing affection. I was suddenly aware of the fact that I take my ability to just be with my husband in the open for granted.', '"Same-Sex Marriage Proposal Tips" is the title for "My client\'s concerns included finding a "gay-friendly" proposal venue and making sure that the crowds would be accepting of her and her partner showing affection. I was suddenly aware of the fact that I take my ability to just be with my husband in the open for granted.", and "Propose Like The Stars This Valentine\'s Day (On An Earthly Budget)" is the title for "I wanted to talk to an expert about how I could help men find the perfect engagement ring without blowing their pocketbook. Here are three steps you can take to maximize the visual impact of the diamond.", and "Is Proposing On The Internet OK?" is the title for "I am all about being innovative, thinking outside of the box, and keeping up with the times.  But I do not think that proposing on the Internet is appropriate. It really does take away from the intimacy of a proposal.", and "Why Proposing Is Like Preparing For The Olympics" is the title for "With the Olympic Games set to start at the end of this month, there is an air of excitement building around the world.  As a Proposal Planner, it got me thinking that participating in the Olympics and proposing marriage have a lot in common.", and "12 Valentine\'s Day Proposal Dos and Don\'ts" is the title for "Proposing on Valentine\'s Day can be tricky. On one hand, it is the most romantic day of the year so it can be a good day to pop the question. On the other hand, proposing on a holiday can turn super cheesy if it isn\'t done properly.".Generate a headline for the following article: Zahra could have never known that when she entered a contest on Travel Blog California, she was about to win the best prize of her life.', '"Will The European Debt Crisis Affect Me?" is the title for "The effect the European debt crisis will have is a matter of degrees and exposure. It\'s hard to discern how these unfortunate events will affect us and what actions we should take. In other words, what do we have control over and when are we just being reactive?", and "Beware: Your 401(k) Plan Has Hidden Fees!" is the title for "The importance of keeping investment fees low is a good rule of thumb, not limited to 401(k) plans. We want to be mindful of the fees we pay when it comes to any investment.", and "Don\'t Let College Break the Bank: Tips to Save on Student Loans" is the title for "I haven\'t been the only one thinking about the cost of higher education as it\'s been a hot topic in the news lately. Here are the headlines that caught my attention and may have a big effect on your finances.", and "How Will Obamacare Affect My Personal Finances?" is the title for "Lately, Obamacare has been an unavoidable topic. It\'s covered extensively by the media and is given extra consideration because of the recent election as well as the Supreme Court\'s ruling on June 28th, 2012 to uphold the law. But how will it affect our personal finances?", and "Save Money on Health Care: The Benefits of an HSA" is the title for "An HSA is one aspect of an overall healthcare strategy that can be a helpful planning tool and help you save money on the high costs of health care.".Generate a headline for the following article: You own part of the company (aka a share in the company). The price of that share can fluctuate given what people think the company is worth (or will be worth) and what they are willing to pay for a share.', '"Will The European Debt Crisis Affect Me?" is the title for "The effect the European debt crisis will have is a matter of degrees and exposure. It\'s hard to discern how these unfortunate events will affect us and what actions we should take. In other words, what do we have control over and when are we just being reactive?", and "Investing for Beginners: Basic Investment Terminology" is the title for "You own part of the company (aka a share in the company). The price of that share can fluctuate given what people think the company is worth (or will be worth) and what they are willing to pay for a share.", and "10 Tips to Help You Save $2,014 in 2014" is the title for "You may find it easier to control your budget with cash or a debit card than with a credit card. Credit card interest rates are NOT your friend.\xa0Carrying only small amounts of cash will help keep you from making unnecessary impulse purchases.", and "Don\'t Let College Break the Bank: Tips to Save on Student Loans" is the title for "I haven\'t been the only one thinking about the cost of higher education as it\'s been a hot topic in the news lately. Here are the headlines that caught my attention and may have a big effect on your finances.", and "4 Tips for Saving for Your Child\'s Future" is the title for "Where should you invest? How can you invest? How much should you put away and how should it be earmarked? These are all important questions when looking at creating a savings plan for children. Here are a few tips to help you get started.".Generate a headline for the following article: For those of us that are newbies to the personal finance world with no time to do adequate research, we probably have more than a few blind spots, and a professional eye can really help.', '"The Highs And Lows Of Buying Legalized Marijuana" is the title for "Recently, I had my attitude checked in a marijuana dispensary. You read that right: a weed shop. If you know me personally, and are judging me right now, save it \'til the end; you may be checking your attitude too. If you don\'t know me, then read on, but this may be checkmate.", and "How We\'re All Responsible For Creating The Facebook Monster" is the title for "I\'m just as guilty of drive by affection as the next person, but these things creep into my thoughts regularly, and trouble me. I struggle to know who do I invite to a party, based on real life versus Facebook ties, and what does a given person feel about me in real-time versus the way they Like me online?", and "The Thing You\'ll Never Hear A Woman Say About Her Hair" is the title for "Why is it that women are forever coloring their hair -- curling, ironing, extending, feathering, crimping, pulling, twisting and bending it? I have a dear friend who, for the 26 years I\'ve known her, has been trying to undo the curls she naturally has, while I have always coveted her spectacular head of curls!", and "A Straight Mother\'s Response To Ignorance" is the title for "I am ignorant. I\'ll start there. I don\'t understand all of the struggles that LGBT youths live with. I am ignorant. I don\'t understand the pronouns, the labels, the pain and the complexities that the LGBT community experiences every day. I am ignorant, and that has to change.", and "The Jerusalem Synagogue Attack: Let\'s Talk Truth" is the title for "My 24-year-old daughter lives in Jerusalem. It\'s not a large city, so anything that happens in Jerusalem, is too close for comfort in this mother\'s eyes. I am not a staunch pro-Israel supporter, as many expect I might be. However, this was wrong on all levels. This is black and white for me: this was terrorism.".Generate a headline for the following article: When life throws you a 100 mph curve ball, that hits you in the face ... and then another, and another, there are lots of things you can do. If you\'re a child, set on survival, you block it out and move on.', '"How I Became That Middle-Aged Woman Who Uses Baby Talk With Her Dogs" is the title for "So maybe the dogs have moved up in my affections. Maybe I spend a little more time pampering them than I used to. Perhaps they fill a hole, now that I\'m not needed as a mother, the way I was for the past 24 years.", and "The Highs And Lows Of Buying Legalized Marijuana" is the title for "Recently, I had my attitude checked in a marijuana dispensary. You read that right: a weed shop. If you know me personally, and are judging me right now, save it \'til the end; you may be checking your attitude too. If you don\'t know me, then read on, but this may be checkmate.", and "Why Israel Is Such A Hard Place To Visit -- But So Worth The Effort" is the title for "Israel is a hard place. As I flew over Turkey, Bucharest, Czech Republic, Germany (each hour a reminder that just getting there is hard, that my girl lives very far away) that\'s what ran through my head, over and over: Israel is a hard place.", and "Celebrating Mother\'s Day When You Didn\'t Grow Up With A Hallmark Mom" is the title for "Every year I\'ve struggled with my emotions on Mother\'s Day. My own children have been fairly hit or miss in recognizing the day: from breakfasts in bed that, while not always edible, were priceless in their adorable orchestration, to thoughtful cards and gestures, to forgetting the day all together.", and "The Thing You\'ll Never Hear A Woman Say About Her Hair" is the title for "Why is it that women are forever coloring their hair -- curling, ironing, extending, feathering, crimping, pulling, twisting and bending it? I have a dear friend who, for the 26 years I\'ve known her, has been trying to undo the curls she naturally has, while I have always coveted her spectacular head of curls!".Generate a headline for the following article: My 24-year-old daughter lives in Jerusalem. It\'s not a large city, so anything that happens in Jerusalem, is too close for comfort in this mother\'s eyes. I am not a staunch pro-Israel supporter, as many expect I might be. However, this was wrong on all levels. This is black and white for me: this was terrorism.', '"Divorced, But Dating Your Ex" is the title for "Sometimes it\'s reasonable and appropriate to get back with your ex. It doesn\'t happen often, but in some cases it can end up being positive. However, you have to make sure that you\'re getting back together for the right reasons.", and "Thirteen Divorce Resolutions for 2013" is the title for "If you got divorced in 2012, it\'s time to kick off the New Year with a new you.", and "Friends After Divorce" is the title for "When you are going through a divorce, you probably could never think of being friends with your ex.  If you have children together, you need to both think about what\'s best for them.", and "Seven Steps To Purge An Ex" is the title for "You could dislike everything about your ex, and yet, right after you part ways they\'re on your mind 24/7.", and "Don\'t Let Your Kids Divorce the Summer" is the title for "If you\'re going through a divorce, it has nothing to do with your kids enjoying their summer. As parents, you both have to rise above your differences when it comes to the children.".Generate a headline for the following article: With Thanksgiving right around the corner, it\'s time to start thinking about what you\'re thankful for this year.', '"Don\'t Let Your Kids Divorce the Summer" is the title for "If you\'re going through a divorce, it has nothing to do with your kids enjoying their summer. As parents, you both have to rise above your differences when it comes to the children.", and "Make Divorce Settlement Not War" is the title for "While settling a divorce that quickly in Hollywood -- or anywhere for that matter -- would normally be a "mission impossible," Holmes and Cruise did it in record time.", and "Ritualize Your Divorce" is the title for "During my first year post divorce, I tried to come up with a ritual to cover every painful moment. Time flew by quickly as I did the rituals and, in the end, I had a better understanding of myself.", and "Divorce 101" is the title for "How you spend the first few months after divorce will play a vital role in getting things back on track in your life.", and "Dating During Divorce" is the title for "People have mixed feelings about dating while going through the divorce process. While dating someone new can boost your confidence after a break-up, should you wait until the divorce is officially over before seeking out someone new?".Generate a headline for the following article: Over the years, there has a spike in the divorce rate among people "of a certain age."', '"Thankfully No Ex At Your Thanksgiving Dinner" is the title for "With Thanksgiving right around the corner, it\'s time to start thinking about what you\'re thankful for this year.", and "Remarrying Your Ex-Spouse" is the title for "Should ex-spouses ever remarry? If you ask a recently divorced person this question, he or she will probably look at you like you have three heads.", and "Dating During Divorce" is the title for "People have mixed feelings about dating while going through the divorce process. While dating someone new can boost your confidence after a break-up, should you wait until the divorce is officially over before seeking out someone new?", and "Friends After Divorce" is the title for "When you are going through a divorce, you probably could never think of being friends with your ex.  If you have children together, you need to both think about what\'s best for them.", and "Divorced, But Dating Your Ex" is the title for "Sometimes it\'s reasonable and appropriate to get back with your ex. It doesn\'t happen often, but in some cases it can end up being positive. However, you have to make sure that you\'re getting back together for the right reasons.".Generate a headline for the following article: If you got divorced in 2012, it\'s time to kick off the New Year with a new you.', '"Ritualize Your Divorce" is the title for "During my first year post divorce, I tried to come up with a ritual to cover every painful moment. Time flew by quickly as I did the rituals and, in the end, I had a better understanding of myself.", and "Divorced, But Dating Your Ex" is the title for "Sometimes it\'s reasonable and appropriate to get back with your ex. It doesn\'t happen often, but in some cases it can end up being positive. However, you have to make sure that you\'re getting back together for the right reasons.", and "What a Difference a Year After a Divorce Makes" is the title for "It was recently reported that Katie Holmes and Tom Cruise completed their first year after the divorce was finalized. Many divorced couples don\'t think that they will survive after the split. The completion of the first year marks an important milestone.", and "Divorce 101" is the title for "How you spend the first few months after divorce will play a vital role in getting things back on track in your life.", and "Make Divorce Settlement Not War" is the title for "While settling a divorce that quickly in Hollywood -- or anywhere for that matter -- would normally be a "mission impossible," Holmes and Cruise did it in record time.".Generate a headline for the following article: When I look back on my starter marriage, I realize how important it was; it helped shape me into the better wife that I am today in my second marriage.', '"How My Daughter’s Love Of Princesses Helps Us Connect Despite Her Special Needs" is the title for "From my earliest memory, I have had a deep passion for all things pink, sparkly and shiny. But I was born to parents who", and "A Quiz For Moms: How Ready Are You For The School Year To End?" is the title for "Lately it seems I can’t go a day without seeing a quiz pop up in my Facebook timeline asking me to find out what Disney Princess", and "Why It\'s So Important To Keep My Mom Promise" is the title for "Life with two teens and a tween is beyond crazy. I\'ve never regretted my choice to stay home with my children, but lately, the stress of life has been getting to me. I feel as if I\'m rarely on my game anymore.", and "My Child Can\'t be Defined By A Parent Intake Form" is the title for "The other day I was in the middle of my morning routine of packing snacks, reminding people to wear underwear and ordering them to brush their teeth when I happened to see it, my special needs daughter\'s red take home folder.", and "Two Words For The Mom Who Sent Her Kid To School With No Socks Today" is the title for "We moms can be so hard on ourselves, and, in turn, so hard on one another. I realized then and there that sometimes the nicest thing we can do for each other is just be human.".Generate a headline for the following article: Today I was struggling to figure out what to write, and I fell back on a typical strategy: I begged my kids for suggestions', '"The \'Some Days\' When You\'re a Special Needs Family" is the title for "Will the boys resent the time and energy their sister required? What will they have to deal with when my husband and I are no longer here? Who will take care of Lizzy when we can\'t do it ourselves?", and "What I Do When I\'m Having One of Those Days" is the title for "I know in my heart that the best days I had before I knew the four most important people in my life can\'t even hold a candle to my worst day being a wife and mom.", and "My Mother And The Touchstone She Gave Me" is the title for "When we moved, the rock went with us. I would see it in the new garden and take comfort that at least something was the same.", and "The Wishes I Have for My Children" is the title for "As I watch my three children morph from babies and kids into tweens and teens, I become more and more aware that my time with them is somewhat limited. Their world is expanding, and more and more people are entering their spheres of influence.", and "Why It\'s So Important To Keep My Mom Promise" is the title for "Life with two teens and a tween is beyond crazy. I\'ve never regretted my choice to stay home with my children, but lately, the stress of life has been getting to me. I feel as if I\'m rarely on my game anymore.".Generate a headline for the following article: The other day I was in the middle of my morning routine of packing snacks, reminding people to wear underwear and ordering them to brush their teeth when I happened to see it, my special needs daughter\'s red take home folder.', '"My Child Can\'t be Defined By A Parent Intake Form" is the title for "The other day I was in the middle of my morning routine of packing snacks, reminding people to wear underwear and ordering them to brush their teeth when I happened to see it, my special needs daughter\'s red take home folder.", and "My Mother And The Touchstone She Gave Me" is the title for "When we moved, the rock went with us. I would see it in the new garden and take comfort that at least something was the same.", and "Our Nest Isn\'t Empty, It\'s Just Rearranged" is the title for "When my husband and I were getting ready to have our second child, we read everything we could about preparing our three", and "Learning To Say Goodbye To Our Kids, From Nursery School To College" is the title for "Our son, who will be starting his freshman year in college this fall, met with the school’s counselors last week to set up", and "The Wishes I Have for My Children" is the title for "As I watch my three children morph from babies and kids into tweens and teens, I become more and more aware that my time with them is somewhat limited. Their world is expanding, and more and more people are entering their spheres of influence.".Generate a headline for the following article: Will the boys resent the time and energy their sister required? What will they have to deal with when my husband and I are no longer here? Who will take care of Lizzy when we can\'t do it ourselves?', '"The Parenting Lesson I Learned From My Youngest Child" is the title for "Our youngest child has always had a talent for building things out of just about anything he can get his hands on. Blocks", and "What I Do When I\'m Having One of Those Days" is the title for "I know in my heart that the best days I had before I knew the four most important people in my life can\'t even hold a candle to my worst day being a wife and mom.", and "Two Words For The Mom Who Sent Her Kid To School With No Socks Today" is the title for "We moms can be so hard on ourselves, and, in turn, so hard on one another. I realized then and there that sometimes the nicest thing we can do for each other is just be human.", and "What They Don\'t Tell You About Enjoying Every Moment With Your Kids" is the title for "“Kathy, your son just drove away with my car,” said my husband, laughing, as he came in the front door after mowing the lawn", and "How My Daughter’s Love Of Princesses Helps Us Connect Despite Her Special Needs" is the title for "From my earliest memory, I have had a deep passion for all things pink, sparkly and shiny. But I was born to parents who".Generate a headline for the following article: After being a mother for 18 years, 12 as the mother of three, there are some things about raising children that I just know', '"Inspiration, Insight, and Wickedly Playful Wisdom: Introducing The Chopra Well" is the title for "In a busy, chaotic and often troubling world, where do you turn for inspiration? To nature, perhaps. Or to religion, art, or your friends. Come July 16 you may find yourself turning to The Chopra Well, a new YouTube channel focused entirely on wellness and spirituality.", and "Why We Love: Our Brains on the Greatest Drug of All" is the title for "One of the most prevalent and least understood of human emotions, love has intrigued poets, philosophers, scientists, artists, and historians alike for centuries. At this point we know more than ever about the chemistry of attachment and the psychology of affection.", and "Creation, Destruction, and the Paradox of Existence" is the title for "Perhaps the most obvious -- and most troubling -- example of contradiction in our universe is the constant tension between creation and destruction.", and "Do You Need a Body to Do Yoga?" is the title for "Yoga is certainly a physical practice and can be a great way to work on strength and flexibility. But many seasoned yogis and instructors will tell you that breathing and mindfulness are at the heart of the practice.", and "Deepak Chopra: Scientific Proof of God?" is the title for "What it comes down to, then, and what science helps us consider, is that there is an omnipotent, omnipresent force in the universe that creates everything we see, touch, taste and experience.".Generate a headline for the following article: If you\'re going to try colonic treatments, take precautions against the various risks associated with colonics and do everything to make sure you get the most out of the experience.', '"Teenage Yogis: Fostering Peace in the Face of Rising Violence" is the title for "Even more impressive than the power of yoga in this story is the fierce resiliency of these teens\' spirits. Perhaps yoga and meditation awaken something in the human spirit that was always there, but which we lose sight of or neglect.", and "Why We Love: Our Brains on the Greatest Drug of All" is the title for "One of the most prevalent and least understood of human emotions, love has intrigued poets, philosophers, scientists, artists, and historians alike for centuries. At this point we know more than ever about the chemistry of attachment and the psychology of affection.", and "How to Write a Eulogy... for Yourself" is the title for ""Contemplating one\'s own death is a spiritual practice. It can certainly be the focal point of any meditation or journal writing. A Buddhist would say that we should examine it with every breath."", and "Do You Need a Body to Do Yoga?" is the title for "Yoga is certainly a physical practice and can be a great way to work on strength and flexibility. But many seasoned yogis and instructors will tell you that breathing and mindfulness are at the heart of the practice.", and "Creation, Destruction, and the Paradox of Existence" is the title for "Perhaps the most obvious -- and most troubling -- example of contradiction in our universe is the constant tension between creation and destruction.".Generate a headline for the following article: As it turns out, we have more of a say in the strength and resilience of our brains than we may have thought. Here are three myths to dispel before we can harness the power of our "super brains."', '"Why We Love: Our Brains on the Greatest Drug of All" is the title for "One of the most prevalent and least understood of human emotions, love has intrigued poets, philosophers, scientists, artists, and historians alike for centuries. At this point we know more than ever about the chemistry of attachment and the psychology of affection.", and "3 Myths to Dispel About the Brain" is the title for "As it turns out, we have more of a say in the strength and resilience of our brains than we may have thought. Here are three myths to dispel before we can harness the power of our "super brains."", and "Yoga Behind Bars: Teaching Mindfulness in a Juvenile Detention Facility" is the title for "This week\'s episode of "Urban Yogis" gives us a rare look at the inside of a youth detention facility, where one dedicated yoga instructor is busy changing the lives of teenagers within its walls.", and "Creation, Destruction, and the Paradox of Existence" is the title for "Perhaps the most obvious -- and most troubling -- example of contradiction in our universe is the constant tension between creation and destruction.", and "How to Write a Eulogy... for Yourself" is the title for ""Contemplating one\'s own death is a spiritual practice. It can certainly be the focal point of any meditation or journal writing. A Buddhist would say that we should examine it with every breath."".Generate a headline for the following article: Even more impressive than the power of yoga in this story is the fierce resiliency of these teens\' spirits. Perhaps yoga and meditation awaken something in the human spirit that was always there, but which we lose sight of or neglect.', '"Post-Divorce Parenting:  How to Be a Smarter Mom, Not a Martyr Mom" is the title for "So, you got a divorce and now you have a raging case of parental guilt. You want to make up for the hell your kids have endured, but you\'re smart enough to know that buying them things is not the right way to go about it.", and "#Unbelievable: Mattel and \'Sports Illustrated\' Team Up to Tackle Untapped Markets" is the title for ""We won\'t let them down," O\'Brien promised. "We\'re already in negotiations with the folks at Justice, the clothing store", and "Does All of This Hyper-Concern About Fat Shaming Make My Butt Look Big? (Why We Should Thank Rather Than Attack Maria Kang)" is the title for "Kang\'s Facebook photo wasn\'t fat shaming. She asked a legitimate question about priorities on her Facebook page. We cannot become so coddling as a society that we vilify someone who asks us to give some honest thought to the connection between our choices and our health.", and "Attention, Guilt-Ridden Divorced Parents!" is the title for "Admit it. You feel guilty about your divorce. So guilty, in fact, that you want to buy your kids presents to try to make it up to them.", and "Why Criticism of Gabby Douglas Should Serve as a Wake Up Call to Hibernating Mama Grizzlies Everywhere" is the title for "When young women who step up are ridiculed for things that have nothing to do with the subject at hand -- things that are as irrelevant as their hair and clothes -- it sends a chilling message to girls everywhere about the perils of putting oneself out there.".Generate a headline for the following article: Why do we put kids through these exercises? If we want them to develop the courage to push past fear, can\'t we do that in a way that doesn\'t require them to override other instincts we need them to respect in order to keep them safe until their brains fully develop?', '"Taking One for the Team: Why My Valentine\'s Day Is Going to Totally Suck (and Yet I\'m Okay With That)" is the title for "Valentine\'s Day is at the tippy top of your list of least favorite holidays right now--and that\'s saying something, because this year that\'s one crowded list. To compound the problem, hating Valentine\'s Day makes you feel like a bad person.", and "Intangible Assets: Who Gets Custody of your Friends after your Divorce?" is the title for "There is one group of assets that is entirely left out of the formal divorce process: your friends. Because friends are a primary source of comfort and support, and further because there\'s nothing like a divorce to make you need heaping helpings of both, how this very valuable group of assets gets divvied up can have a big impact on how easily you bounce back.", and "The Parent Trap" is the title for "There is big flaw in the system when it\'s easier to be a good parent and a good partner when you\'re not married to the father or mother of your kids.", and "Doubling Down On Shacking Up" is the title for ""How do you explain to your daughter that you and your boyfriend live together without being married?"", and "3 Completely Creepy (Yet Surprisingly Common) Reactions to News of an Affair" is the title for "People blurt out really stupid things sometimes.  And getting hit with the news that a friend\'s significant other is cheating is exactly the kind of thing that can prompt you to say something that you\'ll regret.".Generate a headline for the following article: Slut shaming is telling your daughter that twerking is bad because that will make people think she\'s a dirty girl and ruin her chances of catching a good husband. Parenting is telling your daughter that twerking is bad because it conveys an absence of self-respect and dignity.', '"Parenting: The Ultimate Joke Killer (Why I Can\'t Laugh at Manti Te\'o)" is the title for "The problem is this: Whenever I see someone young enough to be my kid in a difficult situation, I tend to imagine my own kid in the same spot.", and "Your Ex Old Man Lends a Hand:  A Christmas Poem for Single Moms" is the title for "I know that sounds bad, But it\'s all for the best. You don\'t have a dud hubby. You have a dud ex. Merry Christmas! Just as", and "Happy Mother\'s Day From The Annoying Moms Club!" is the title for "I look forward to the day when I am not so annoying to Hannah anymore -- either because I earn my cool card back or because she herself ends up in the Annoying Moms Club thanks to the actions of her own children. But until then, I\'ll enjoy the company of all the other moms who are members.", and "In the Market for a New Year\'s Resolution? Check Out This Sales Pitch for Permanently Giving Up Christmas Shopping" is the title for "The problem isn\'t with Christmas itself -- it\'s actually my favorite holiday.  The trouble is each year there is a bigger gap between what I want to do to celebrate Christmas and what I end up doing instead.", and "4 Reasons to Place on Hold any Plan to Give your Child a Cell Phone" is the title for "What\'s the right age for a child to get her first cell phone? The answer varies from parent to parent and often hinges on how busy the family\'s schedule is as well as the maturity level of the child. This much is clear: The average age seems to be getting younger and younger.".Generate a headline for the following article: This month I\'m celebrating my fifth anniversary. In more traditional circles, the theme for a fifth wedding anniversary is wood. But since I\'m celebrating the anniversary of my divorce, I think a more appropriate theme for me is "would," as in what I wish I would have known back in 2007.', '"Why Criticism of Gabby Douglas Should Serve as a Wake Up Call to Hibernating Mama Grizzlies Everywhere" is the title for "When young women who step up are ridiculed for things that have nothing to do with the subject at hand -- things that are as irrelevant as their hair and clothes -- it sends a chilling message to girls everywhere about the perils of putting oneself out there.", and "How Abstinence-Only Messages Steer Girls Wrong" is the title for "When girls are raised to believe their value is tied to their marketability, the determination of their self-worth is always in the hands of others.", and "Post-Divorce Parenting:  How to Be a Smarter Mom, Not a Martyr Mom" is the title for "So, you got a divorce and now you have a raging case of parental guilt. You want to make up for the hell your kids have endured, but you\'re smart enough to know that buying them things is not the right way to go about it.", and "Brutal Divorce Simulator Featuring Sandra Bullock Lets Those Lucky Enough Not to Have Experienced One Know How it Really Feels" is the title for "Chances are at some point in your life you\'ve had a friend or relative on the front lines of a brutal divorce.  If you\'ve never been through your own brutal divorce, it might have been hard for you to relate.", and "4 Reasons to Place on Hold any Plan to Give your Child a Cell Phone" is the title for "What\'s the right age for a child to get her first cell phone? The answer varies from parent to parent and often hinges on how busy the family\'s schedule is as well as the maturity level of the child. This much is clear: The average age seems to be getting younger and younger.".Generate a headline for the following article: Because many women have been raised to think "catching a man" is their top objective, women often approach dating as a prolonged marketing campaign. By spending your time trying to sell, you forget to consider whether you\'re interested in buying.', '"O, Come All ye Newly Single Parents: How to Get Through the Holidays Without Singing The Blues" is the title for "In the immediate wake of a divorce, it\'s hard enough to just get through each day. The extra pressure to conjure up a warm and fuzzy holiday season for your kids is enough to turn even the fairest of us all into a wicked witch.", and "Post-Divorce Parenting:  How to Be a Smarter Mom, Not a Martyr Mom" is the title for "So, you got a divorce and now you have a raging case of parental guilt. You want to make up for the hell your kids have endured, but you\'re smart enough to know that buying them things is not the right way to go about it.", and "New Year\'s Resolutions Your Kids Wish You\'d Make (and Keep)" is the title for "It\'s that time of year again; time to take stock and make changes. Instead of pledging yet again to take off extra pounds or cut back on spending, your kids have something else in mind for you. The following are the New Year\'s resolutions that they\'d like you to make -- and keep.", and "Healthier Ever After: Rules to Live by if You\'re in a Dead-End Marriage and Divorce Is Not an Option" is the title for "The time has come for you to shift gears and pour your energy into yourself rather than your failing marriage. In order to be the best version of you it is necessary to stop living in marital limbo and make the most of each day.", and "4 Reasons to Place on Hold any Plan to Give your Child a Cell Phone" is the title for "What\'s the right age for a child to get her first cell phone? The answer varies from parent to parent and often hinges on how busy the family\'s schedule is as well as the maturity level of the child. This much is clear: The average age seems to be getting younger and younger.".Generate a headline for the following article: I have developed the following survival plan to get you through even the most severe case of kid-sickness.', '"Low Regard For High Ropes: Why I Don\'t Want My Kid Roped Into This Common Camp Activity" is the title for "Why do we put kids through these exercises? If we want them to develop the courage to push past fear, can\'t we do that in a way that doesn\'t require them to override other instincts we need them to respect in order to keep them safe until their brains fully develop?", and "100 Percent Mid-Century, Zero Percent Modern: Phyllis Schlafly\'s Not-So-Secret Formula For Keeping Women Disempowered" is the title for "Recently, Phyllis Schlafly emerged from her 1950s time capsule with both hot glue guns blazing. She took aim at the issue of income inequality and the proposed legislation to address the problem.", and "Summer Camp Survival Guide: How to Survive Your Kid\'s Stint at Summer Camp Without Ending Up in the Funny Farm" is the title for "I have developed the following survival plan to get you through even the most severe case of kid-sickness.", and "Why Criticism of Gabby Douglas Should Serve as a Wake Up Call to Hibernating Mama Grizzlies Everywhere" is the title for "When young women who step up are ridiculed for things that have nothing to do with the subject at hand -- things that are as irrelevant as their hair and clothes -- it sends a chilling message to girls everywhere about the perils of putting oneself out there.", and "Post-Divorce Parenting:  How to Be a Smarter Mom, Not a Martyr Mom" is the title for "So, you got a divorce and now you have a raging case of parental guilt. You want to make up for the hell your kids have endured, but you\'re smart enough to know that buying them things is not the right way to go about it.".Generate a headline for the following article: "We won\'t let them down," O\'Brien promised. "We\'re already in negotiations with the folks at Justice, the clothing store', '"In the Market for a New Year\'s Resolution? Check Out This Sales Pitch for Permanently Giving Up Christmas Shopping" is the title for "The problem isn\'t with Christmas itself -- it\'s actually my favorite holiday.  The trouble is each year there is a bigger gap between what I want to do to celebrate Christmas and what I end up doing instead.", and "Pearls of Wisdom: The Perfect "Annivorceary" Gift" is the title for "This month I\'m celebrating my fifth anniversary. In more traditional circles, the theme for a fifth wedding anniversary is wood. But since I\'m celebrating the anniversary of my divorce, I think a more appropriate theme for me is "would," as in what I wish I would have known back in 2007.", and "Happy Mother\'s Day From The Annoying Moms Club!" is the title for "I look forward to the day when I am not so annoying to Hannah anymore -- either because I earn my cool card back or because she herself ends up in the Annoying Moms Club thanks to the actions of her own children. But until then, I\'ll enjoy the company of all the other moms who are members.", and "Summer Camp Survival Guide: How to Survive Your Kid\'s Stint at Summer Camp Without Ending Up in the Funny Farm" is the title for "I have developed the following survival plan to get you through even the most severe case of kid-sickness.", and "O, Come All ye Newly Single Parents: How to Get Through the Holidays Without Singing The Blues" is the title for "In the immediate wake of a divorce, it\'s hard enough to just get through each day. The extra pressure to conjure up a warm and fuzzy holiday season for your kids is enough to turn even the fairest of us all into a wicked witch.".Generate a headline for the following article: The problem is this: Whenever I see someone young enough to be my kid in a difficult situation, I tend to imagine my own kid in the same spot.', '"Plug Into Your Lower Self!" is the title for "Of course most of us have a vague understanding that for our own safety, when it comes to dealing with high-voltage situations, it is critical to "ground" the electricity.   The primary purpose of this is, in fact, to reduce the risk of serious electric shock.", and "Is Our Society\'s \'Voldemort\' the Concept of Death Itself?" is the title for "We have tried so hard to anesthetize ourselves from the perceived horror of death that most of us have cut ourselves off from knowing how to deal with this profound and inevitable aspect to life.", and "Dying to Talk to You" is the title for "But there is also a truth, the "good news," which far fewer of us have experienced, which is that there is an end to suffering. Not an escape, but an end. And it doesn\'t come at death; it comes when we face our suffering, face our fears, and address them head on, with support, and move through them.", and "Are You Stuffed Enough?" is the title for "Our culture is very focused on acquisition of both things and experiences.\xa0 There is an underlying assumption at work that freedom lies out there somewhere, if only we can own more of our environment so we can control it more and thus be happy and free.", and "Tasting From the Trees of Knowledge" is the title for "By truly experiencing the truth about trees, we understand the interconnected, interdependent nature of all life.  No man could ever be an island unto himself, unless that island had some trees!".Generate a headline for the following article: It\'s my mother\'s birthday this week, and I have been spending a lot of time thinking fondly of her.  But I know that I am fortunate to have had a great relationship with my mom.  For many of us, let\'s just acknowledge that this relationship can be a bit more... complicated.', '"Plug Into Your Lower Self!" is the title for "Of course most of us have a vague understanding that for our own safety, when it comes to dealing with high-voltage situations, it is critical to "ground" the electricity.   The primary purpose of this is, in fact, to reduce the risk of serious electric shock.", and "Welcome to the Fall Term in the School of Hard Knocks" is the title for "Actively taking moments throughout the day to cultivate a more accurate, full perspective on your day might help you to see the flowers that are blooming, even in the rain!", and "Dying to Talk to You" is the title for "But there is also a truth, the "good news," which far fewer of us have experienced, which is that there is an end to suffering. Not an escape, but an end. And it doesn\'t come at death; it comes when we face our suffering, face our fears, and address them head on, with support, and move through them.", and "Are You Stuffed Enough?" is the title for "Our culture is very focused on acquisition of both things and experiences.\xa0 There is an underlying assumption at work that freedom lies out there somewhere, if only we can own more of our environment so we can control it more and thus be happy and free.", and "Are You Outsourcing Your Happiness?" is the title for "This belief in the notion that something external is critical to our happiness also serves to reinforce the patterns of our ego, which strengthens itself when we identify with the "little me" struggling in this constant pursuit against the big old world.".Generate a headline for the following article: When you feel broken, the heart is actually more alive than ever.\xa0\xa0And in these moments -- in this moment, as painful as it is -- we have the opportunity to lose our minds so that we can come to our senses.', '"Awareness Brings Its Own Reward$" is the title for "In our home we call it the Money Game because the better we play that game, the more money seems to come our way.  You may laugh, but we\'ve been doing it for over 30 years, and it\'s paid off big time.", and "Let\'s Keep the Sandy Hook Loving Kindness Epidemic Alive" is the title for "Time to let go because if I don\'t I\'ll lose myself in the process.  I\'m in danger of forgetting what the holidays and life are all about.  What matters is doing the best we can to practice true loving kindness, a genuine desire to act in pursuit of the others\' happiness.", and "How Can We Remember What Really Matters in Life?" is the title for "Today I\'m reminded that one of my biggest challenges is to do first what really matters -- and  to do it before I respond to the siren call of getting as much done as I possibly can.  And I know in my heart I\'m not alone.", and "Personal Transformation:  What\'s Wrong With You?" is the title for "There is absolutely nothing wrong with you. There\'s nothing to fix.  You don\'t need to get better or become different.  You\'re fine, just as you are. You know all you need to know, and you have all the answers. And you can overcome the obstacles in your way.", and "How to Aim High: Steps 2 and 3 to Create Your Personal Vision" is the title for "Walking along the straight and narrow, a step at a time, won\'t get you where you really want to go. Satisfying as it is to complete the "to do" list, it\'s not enough.  Aiming high means exactly that -- look up, grab your magic wand, and imagine your life five years from now.".Generate a headline for the following article: Other than letting go of our reasons why it\'s not possible, there is nothing more useful we can do to make this a great year. Doing so is the heart of your personal transformation.', '"Awareness Brings Its Own Reward$" is the title for "In our home we call it the Money Game because the better we play that game, the more money seems to come our way.  You may laugh, but we\'ve been doing it for over 30 years, and it\'s paid off big time.", and "Let\'s Keep the Sandy Hook Loving Kindness Epidemic Alive" is the title for "Time to let go because if I don\'t I\'ll lose myself in the process.  I\'m in danger of forgetting what the holidays and life are all about.  What matters is doing the best we can to practice true loving kindness, a genuine desire to act in pursuit of the others\' happiness.", and "What\'s Keeping You From Mastering Your Money?" is the title for "What\'s probably keeping you from mastering money is that you\'re wasting energy wallowing in self-pity and fear, while failing to take action that just might get you moving up and out of the pit.", and "Are You Ready and Willing to Play the Money Game?" is the title for "One of most folks\' biggest goals is to reach the stage in life when you no longer have to work in order to pay the bills. The earlier you begin planning seriously to achieve this goal, the more quickly you\'ll reach it -- and the more money you\'ll have when you do.", and "The All Too Secret Path to a Happier and More Meaningful Life" is the title for "The world needs our compassion -- now more than ever. And that compassion begins with you and with me. Start by practicing compassion for yourself and those closest to you.".Generate a headline for the following article: Money is abundant and flows spontaneously in life. Money allows me to express myself fully and contribute generously. What\'s', '"Personal Transformation:  What\'s Wrong With You?" is the title for "There is absolutely nothing wrong with you. There\'s nothing to fix.  You don\'t need to get better or become different.  You\'re fine, just as you are. You know all you need to know, and you have all the answers. And you can overcome the obstacles in your way.", and "Awareness Brings Its Own Reward$" is the title for "In our home we call it the Money Game because the better we play that game, the more money seems to come our way.  You may laugh, but we\'ve been doing it for over 30 years, and it\'s paid off big time.", and "Let\'s Keep the Sandy Hook Loving Kindness Epidemic Alive" is the title for "Time to let go because if I don\'t I\'ll lose myself in the process.  I\'m in danger of forgetting what the holidays and life are all about.  What matters is doing the best we can to practice true loving kindness, a genuine desire to act in pursuit of the others\' happiness.", and "Personal Transformation: The ABC\'s of Destroying Limiting Beliefs" is the title for "When you master the art and science of the paradigm shift, you\'re able to make life as meaningful as you like.  You\'re now able to clear the obstacles on the path to the results you want and need.  You can silence the whining, self-pitying monkey mind any time you like.", and "2012: Your Best Year Yet -- What Are Your Top 10 Goals?" is the title for "People who have goals achieve more results in their lives. The issue is that the majority of people don\'t have clearly-defined annual goals -- goals that are written down, goals that are a clear statement of your top priorities for the coming year.".Generate a headline for the following article: Living life in fast forward mode means that truly important things don\'t happen. They get lost in the shuffle.  So, what\'s missing for you? You know the answer better than anyone.', '"3 Paths to Lasting Well-Being" is the title for "Creating lasting well-being requires shattering those habitual tendencies that lead to stress, frustration and heartbreak.   Here are three paths I\'ve been working on for years, and while I\'m many miles from mastery, the more I practice, the more peace and happiness I find.", and "Are You Ready and Willing to Play the Money Game?" is the title for "One of most folks\' biggest goals is to reach the stage in life when you no longer have to work in order to pay the bills. The earlier you begin planning seriously to achieve this goal, the more quickly you\'ll reach it -- and the more money you\'ll have when you do.", and "Personal Transformation: Anything Is Possible" is the title for "In all my many years of coaching people, I\'ve never met anyone without a "monkey mind" -- the little voice that runs a commentary on what\'s wrong with us and why we can\'t get what we want and need.", and "What Can You and I Learn From the Boston Marathon?" is the title for "While I\'d like to think that I\'d never intentionally hurt anyone, I know I have done so, more than I\'ll ever know.  I believe that if each of us follow Martin Richard\'s plea -- "no more hurting people" -- at a whole new level, the world will be a safer place.", and "How Can We Remember What Really Matters in Life?" is the title for "Today I\'m reminded that one of my biggest challenges is to do first what really matters -- and  to do it before I respond to the siren call of getting as much done as I possibly can.  And I know in my heart I\'m not alone.".Generate a headline for the following article: I\'ve discovered six paths that lead to well-being -- some work instantaneously and some generate a much more lasting result.  This week, I\'ll focus on the ones that work instantly.', '"Bill Paxton Learns of His Revolutionary Past On \'Who Do You Think You Are?\'" is the title for "Actor Bill Paxton is featured this Sunday (April 19 at 10/9c on TLC) on Who Do You Think You Are? and digs into the paternal half of his family tree. He begins by solving a long-standing mystery by determining that he is indeed related to Texan hero Sam Houston.", and "Was David Duchovny\'s Family From Ukraine or Russia?" is the title for "There\'s been quite a fuss about a nationalistic, Russian beer commercial David Duchovny made not long ago -- especially given that he recently discovered that his roots are actually in Ukraine. For obvious reasons, this is less than ideal timing.", and "Who Do You Think You Are? Returns With Julie Chen" is the title for "Who Do You Think You Are?, the popular celebrity roots show, is finally back on Sunday, March 8th at 10/9c on TLC. Kicking off the season is Julie Chen who ventures to China (a first for the series) and rediscovers the grandfather she thought she knew.", and "Celebrity Genealogy on TV: Who and When?" is the title for "We can probably expect an interlude between the next seasons of Who Do You Think You Are? and Finding Your Roots, and the duration of that lull will hinge largely on how PBS chooses to balance and accommodate the sometimes competing goals of content accuracy and viewer demand.", and "Melissa Etheridge\'s French Canadian British American Spanish Ancestor" is the title for "She swiftly discovers French Canadian ancestors who were embroiled in a bitter lawsuit against a man who got their teenage daughter pregnant and refused to marry her, but there\'s more to the story than she first thinks.".Generate a headline for the following article: Sean explores his paternal ancestry focusing on his Hayes line, and that leads him via Chicago and Dublin back to Ballylongford in County Kerry. What will he learn there? Check out this exclusive video provided by TLC  to get a taste:', '"American Idol: What They Wore, 5/2/12 (Top 5)" is the title for "On Wednesday\'s performance night, the #Idols took on the \'60s and British-imported songs. Scroll down for all the fashion goodness!", and "American Idol: What They Wore, 4/4/12" is the title for "You heard some \'80s songs Wednesday night! And you saw neon, fringe, high heels, some sparkle, jackets for the boys, and of course tons of jewelry! Here\'s what our Top 8 Idol contestants wore this past performance night.", and "American Idol: What They Wore, 4/25/12 (Top 6)" is the title for "For performances Wednesday night, the Idols took on a Queen song and another song of their choice. So that meant a total of 12 fabulous fashion looks! Here is the low-down on what the Top 6 men and ladies wore.", and "American Idol: What They Wore, 3/28/12" is the title for "Here\'s the full rundown of the fashion from Wednesday night\'s performances!", and "American Idol: What They Wore, 4/18/12 (Top 7 Redux)" is the title for "Though the "Then" songs this week were by Marvin Gaye, Otis Redding, etc., I wanted to keep the singers\' looks fresh and modern. Loved the fashion? You\'re in the right place!".Generate a headline for the following article: For Wednesday\'s performance night the theme was "California Dreaming/Songs I Wish I\'d Written." From the #Idols we heard James Brown, CCR, Journey and more, and saw plenty of #fun fashion!', '"American Idol: What They Wore, 4/25/12 (Top 6)" is the title for "For performances Wednesday night, the Idols took on a Queen song and another song of their choice. So that meant a total of 12 fabulous fashion looks! Here is the low-down on what the Top 6 men and ladies wore.", and "American Idol: What They Wore, 4/4/12" is the title for "You heard some \'80s songs Wednesday night! And you saw neon, fringe, high heels, some sparkle, jackets for the boys, and of course tons of jewelry! Here\'s what our Top 8 Idol contestants wore this past performance night.", and "American Idol Style" is the title for "Each contestant was asked to give a tear sheet, or several, of looks they loved from fashion magazines.", and "American Idol: What They Wore, 5/9/12 (Top 4)" is the title for "For Wednesday\'s performance night the theme was "California Dreaming/Songs I Wish I\'d Written." From the #Idols we heard James Brown, CCR, Journey and more, and saw plenty of #fun fashion!", and "American Idol: What They Wore, 3/14/12" is the title for "So you\'ve wanted to know what the Idol contestants wore on last Wednesday\'s performance night? From Jessica\'s sparkling pants to Colton\'s leather vest, these pieces have sparked some curiosity.".Generate a headline for the following article: I love working with artists that know what they like because you can really explore other options within the same vein of style. Finding the perfect jacket, pants, shoes, and shirts is always a #FUN challenge with Phillip.', '"6 Budget Destinations Where You Can Stretch Your Travel Dollar" is the title for "If you\'re yearning to get away from it all but don\'t want to break the bank in the process, these six budget destinations come through with incredible deals and plenty of sun-dappled relaxation.", and "The Perfect Secluded Honeymoon In The Foothills Of Jamaica (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Whether you\'re planning your honeymoon or just dreaming about a getaway, you\'ll want to say "I do" to the gorgeous Strawberry Hill.", and "Hawaii For Every Traveler (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Whether you\'re on a budget or you\'re looking for luxury, Oyster has found just the spot to stay for almost every kind of traveler -- and has the perfect Hawaii hotel for you.", and "5 Ways To Stay In Jamaica (PHOTOS)" is the title for "We\'ve found just the spot to stay for almost every kind of traveler, so whether you\'re planning a romantic getaway or want to take the kids along, Oyster has a hotel for you.", and "10 Spa Escapes In Europe (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Where to get you to that "Ahhh" feeling faster than you can say "Euro Trip."  Whether all you want is some downtime in the sauna or a deep tissue massage, these properties have you covered. So sit back and relax--the Louvre will still be there tomorrow.".Generate a headline for the following article: Whether you\'re in town visiting and want to mix it up a bit, or you\'re a resident and want to get away from it all, start packing and hit the road!', '"Our 12 Favorite Hotel Bars For After-Work Drinks (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Hotel bars are often a convenient spot for a nightcap or a quick after-work drink (anything to take the edge off!) while", and "Five Ways To Stay In Paris (PHOTOS)" is the title for "We\'ve found just the spot to stay for almost every kind of traveler, so whether you plan on bringing the kids along or hope to taste some of the finest French cuisine around, Oyster has a hotel for you.", and "10 Chic Rooftop Bars Around The U.S. (PHOTOS)" is the title for "If you\'re daydreaming about sipping on a perfectly made cocktail a few stories above street level too, check out our selection of the hottest hotel rooftop bars across the country now.", and "Getting Outdoors In The East (PHOTOS)" is the title for "From the tip of Maine to the Florida Keys, America\'s Eastern region is a diverse area filled with just about every type of terrain an active traveler could want: mountains, marshes, lakes, cliffs, forests and so much more.", and "Francophone Destinations Far From Paris (PHOTOS)" is the title for "If you want to immerse yourself in the French culture, France is not your only option.".Generate a headline for the following article: On the menus: vanilla-dipped brioche French toast, a milk chocolate nest, seafood bars and more.', '"Geneva\'s Top Hotels (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Many travelers overlook elegant Geneva when planning a trip to Europe, but the city is well worth a visit.", and "7 Memorable Beach Bars (PHOTOS)" is the title for "What better way to enjoy your summer to the fullest -- and deal with the reality of the approaching fall -- than to visit a happening bar on the beach?", and "Exploring Paris On A Budget (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Paris may be the art and fashion capital of the world -- known for its over-the-top luxury properties and bohemian boutiques -- but most people can\'t afford a stay at the iconic Hotel Plaza Athenee.", and "The Best Halloween Parties In Hotels Across The U.S. (PHOTOS)" is the title for "With tons of space and on-site party planners, hotels often host some of the most devilish (in a good way!) Halloween parties around.", and "5 of the Most Uber-Luxurious Suites in Las Vegas" is the title for "Vegas is a city that is decidedly over-the-top, so it\'s no wonder that it\'s host to some of the most luxurious hotel accommodations in the world. We\'ve selected five of the city\'s most jaw-dropping, high-roller-worthy suites that we think embody modern Las Vegas decadence.".Generate a headline for the following article: Summer is (unofficially) here, and tons of travelers will be heading coast to coast to visit some of the most iconic city', '"Berlin\'s Best Budget Hotels (PHOTOS)" is the title for "All of this would come at a high price in any other city, but Berlin is one of the most affordable destinations in Europe.", and "The Best Road Trips From Phoenix (PHOTOS)" is the title for "With a host of museums and galleries, top-notch Tex-Mex cuisine and cactus-dotted landscape, Arizona\'s state capital is one of the most unique metropolises in the country. Here\'s what to see nearby once you\'ve explored all that Phoenix has to offer.", and "Melbourne Vs. Sydney: Which Australian City Is Right For You? (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Both offer gorgeous architecture and a boat load of culture, but where one gets top marks for an eco-friendly attitude and a hipster vibe, the other is renowned for its beaches and bold attitude.", and "Five Hotel Restaurants With Jaw-Dropping Views (PHOTOS)" is the title for "We\'ve seen some of the most unique and breathtaking vistas, all while dining on the freshest cuisine, at these five scrumptious hotel properties.", and "Cross Country Must-Sees Throughout America (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Summer is (unofficially) here, and tons of travelers will be heading coast to coast to visit some of the most iconic city".Generate a headline for the following article: One of Space City\'s greatest assets is its close proximity to some of the other most unique and cultured cities.', '"London For Every Traveler (PHOTOS)" is the title for "It may have a stormy reputation, but like most of the greats, this city\'s best qualities lie in its history, culture and activities -- and it\'s certainly not a destination you want to miss!", and "Exploring Paris On A Budget (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Paris may be the art and fashion capital of the world -- known for its over-the-top luxury properties and bohemian boutiques -- but most people can\'t afford a stay at the iconic Hotel Plaza Athenee.", and "Beachfront Luxury: 15 Decadent Hotels on the Sand (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Who doesn\'t love a beach vacation? The sun, the sand, and the ocean all come together to make for a relaxing getaway that", and "From Designer Condoms To 3D Glasses: Wacky Hotel Minibar Items (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Some hotels feature rather surprising minibar offerings -- we\'re talking walking sticks and 24-karat gold vibrators. It\'s enough to make guests pause in their perusal of the candy selection and say, "Wait, what?"", and "The Best Road Trips From Phoenix (PHOTOS)" is the title for "With a host of museums and galleries, top-notch Tex-Mex cuisine and cactus-dotted landscape, Arizona\'s state capital is one of the most unique metropolises in the country. Here\'s what to see nearby once you\'ve explored all that Phoenix has to offer.".Generate a headline for the following article: Ancient ruins stand alongside Renaissance palazzos and buzzing cafes, and the works of art that can be viewed in the city\'s museums and churches are enough to make any culture lover drool.', '"Five Ways To Stay In Cancun (PHOTOS)" is the title for "We\'ve found just the spot to stay for almost every kind of traveler, so whether you plan on bringing the kids along or hope to have a romantic getaway, Oyster has a hotel for you.", and "Five Ways To Stay In Paris (PHOTOS)" is the title for "We\'ve found just the spot to stay for almost every kind of traveler, so whether you plan on bringing the kids along or hope to taste some of the finest French cuisine around, Oyster has a hotel for you.", and "Hawaii For Every Traveler (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Whether you\'re on a budget or you\'re looking for luxury, Oyster has found just the spot to stay for almost every kind of traveler -- and has the perfect Hawaii hotel for you.", and "The Perfect Secluded Honeymoon In The Foothills Of Jamaica (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Whether you\'re planning your honeymoon or just dreaming about a getaway, you\'ll want to say "I do" to the gorgeous Strawberry Hill.", and "Picking The Perfect Disney Resort For You (PHOTOS)" is the title for "We\'ve done some digging into Disney\'s digs and have found the resorts that\'ll best suit all types of Disney-bound fanatics. Whether you\'re planning a girls\' getaway or a family vacation, Disney World can be just the spot to relax, reconnect -- and most importantly -- have the time of your life.".Generate a headline for the following article: We\'ve found just the spot to stay for almost every kind of traveler, so whether you\'re planning a romantic getaway or want to take the kids along, Oyster has a hotel for you.', '"Bachelor And Bachelorette Parties: 6 Popular Destinations Explored" is the title for "We bring you six of the most popular destinations for bachelor and bachelorette parties. But instead of limiting you to the traditional activities, we also offer alternative options for those looking for something a little different.", and "Hawaii For Every Traveler (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Whether you\'re on a budget or you\'re looking for luxury, Oyster has found just the spot to stay for almost every kind of traveler -- and has the perfect Hawaii hotel for you.", and "Haunted Hotels: Get Spooked for Halloween" is the title for "Forget the haunted house. Those looking for a ghostly encounter this Halloween can get up close and personal with departed spirits in the luxury of a hotel room. Because who says you shouldn\'t have room service while you\'re feeling spooked?", and "Ask Oyster: Where Can I Find Single Ladies? (PHOTOS)" is the title for "We look to answer the question: I\'m looking for high-end resorts with an abundance of single ladies.", and "The Most Handicap-Accessible Destinations Around the World" is the title for "For those with disabilities, the challenges of traveling go beyond just getting to the airport on time and figuring out the TV in their hotel rooms. But fortunately, numerous destinations in the U.S. and abroad continue to work towards making travel for the handicapped as smooth as possible.".Generate a headline for the following article: Are you traveling with the guys and looking for some female company?', '"Go Green: 8 Eco-Friendly Stays In Belize (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Belize is best known for its lush rain forests, Mayan ruins and gorgeous barrier reef -- one of the world\'s best sites for snorkeling and scuba diving. Here\'s a look at some of our favorite eco-friendly stays in the country.", and "The Best Road Trips From Philadelphia (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Dubbed the "City of Brotherly Love," Philadelphia is famous for its rich revolution-era history, its architecture and its truly fanatic sports fans.", and "Discover Stockholm: What to Do and Where to Stay (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Being one of the northernmost capitals in Europe gets you a reputation as a cold place, but that doesn\'t mean Stockholm doesn\'t offer myriad activities and during the warm summer months.", and "London\'s Best Flea Markets (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Knightsbridge, Covent Garden and Oxford Street are arguably the top spots in London for high-end shopping, but there\'s a whole other world beyond the fashionable boutiques and name-brand clothing.", and "Exploring Paris On A Budget (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Paris may be the art and fashion capital of the world -- known for its over-the-top luxury properties and bohemian boutiques -- but most people can\'t afford a stay at the iconic Hotel Plaza Athenee.".Generate a headline for the following article: Both offer gorgeous architecture and a boat load of culture, but where one gets top marks for an eco-friendly attitude and a hipster vibe, the other is renowned for its beaches and bold attitude.', '"Beachfront Luxury: 15 Decadent Hotels on the Sand (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Who doesn\'t love a beach vacation? The sun, the sand, and the ocean all come together to make for a relaxing getaway that", and "Getting Outdoors In The East (PHOTOS)" is the title for "From the tip of Maine to the Florida Keys, America\'s Eastern region is a diverse area filled with just about every type of terrain an active traveler could want: mountains, marshes, lakes, cliffs, forests and so much more.", and "Our 12 Favorite Hotel Bars For After-Work Drinks (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Hotel bars are often a convenient spot for a nightcap or a quick after-work drink (anything to take the edge off!) while", and "Exploring Paris On A Budget (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Paris may be the art and fashion capital of the world -- known for its over-the-top luxury properties and bohemian boutiques -- but most people can\'t afford a stay at the iconic Hotel Plaza Athenee.", and "The Best Hotel Villas In The Caribbean (PHOTOS)" is the title for "We recently returned from a tour of hotel villas in the Caribbean and found the best of the best on seven islands.".Generate a headline for the following article: Sometimes spa treatments tip over the edge of relaxing and enter the realm of the downright strange.', '"The Wildest Hotel Pool Parties (PHOTOS)" is the title for "With Spring Break just around the corner -- and the rest of us here dying for a warm-weather vacation -- we thought about where we\'d wanna party in the sun.", and "Oyster.com\'s Guide To Nude Hotels (PHOTOS)" is the title for "When a reader wrote in looking for an unbuttoned getaway, we had some nude vacation answers.", and "5 Hotels Begging For A One-Night Stand (PHOTOS)" is the title for "We all like to get loose on vacation, and sometimes that means bringing strangers back to our rooms for afterhours fun. No judgments here, folks.", and "Top 10 Infinity Pools on the Caribbean Sea (PHOTOS)" is the title for "The beach, the pools, the view - these are major reasons why we travel to the Caribbean. And when we can get all in one, that\'s", and "5 Irish Pubs For Celebrating St. Patrick\'s Day (PHOTOS)" is the title for "We\'re pretty excited about all the beef stew and Bailey\'s we plan on imbibing this weekend.".Generate a headline for the following article: When we travel, we like to let loose -- after all, isn\'t a vacation all about leisure?', '"5 Unusual (But Awesome) Honeymoon Vacations (PHOTOS)" is the title for "If you and your significant other identify more with the less-than-traditional set of newlyweds, why not jet off to some exotic, unexpected locale instead?", and "The Best Hotel Coffee Bars Across The U.S. (PHOTOS)" is the title for "We\'ve found five of the best hotel coffee bars across the states so you can get that jolt you need without having to leave your hotel.", and "5 Presidential Love Nests for Valentine\'s/Presidents\' Day Weekend" is the title for "Whether they are treating the First Lady (or their other lady loves) to a relaxing vacation, or pining for their loved one from a hotel suite for one, these presidents sure know a thing or two about l\'amour.", and "The 5 Most Romantic Waterfront Resorts in the U.S. (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Couples take note:  It\'s not necessary to leave the country to experience some of the world\'s most romantic hotels.", and "Oyster Decodes Hotel Points Programs: Marriott Hotels" is the title for "Hotel point programs are not always easy to decipher, and sometimes even we (travel experts, after all) feel we need a guide to understand how they work. But it\'s worth the effort it takes to decode: All are free to join, and more often than not, end up saving travelers a significant amount of cash.".Generate a headline for the following article: Couples getaways can be great. Unfortunately, they normally involve having your significant other along.', '"5 Gorgeous Places To Get Back In Touch With Nature" is the title for "Check out our favorite unplugged havens and pick the best one for you. Then it\'s time to lose the cell -- at least for a weekend.", and "Hotels That Hosted Celebrity Meltdowns (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Trashed suites, accosted employees, terrified hookers -- plenty of celebrities have left quite a wake behind them in some of the ritziest hotels in the country.", and "The Most Luxurious Hotels in South America (PHOTOS)" is the title for "South America is home to some of the world\'s most luxurious hotels. Whether you want to sit beachside in Rio De Janeiro or", and "5 Ways To Stay In Jamaica (PHOTOS)" is the title for "We\'ve found just the spot to stay for almost every kind of traveler, so whether you\'re planning a romantic getaway or want to take the kids along, Oyster has a hotel for you.", and "The Perfect Secluded Honeymoon In The Foothills Of Jamaica (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Whether you\'re planning your honeymoon or just dreaming about a getaway, you\'ll want to say "I do" to the gorgeous Strawberry Hill.".Generate a headline for the following article: If you want to drop a beat, or just pick up the vibes left behind by some of your favorite musicians, check out these rock-ready hotels.', '"5 Ways To Stay In Jamaica (PHOTOS)" is the title for "We\'ve found just the spot to stay for almost every kind of traveler, so whether you\'re planning a romantic getaway or want to take the kids along, Oyster has a hotel for you.", and "Hawaii For Every Traveler (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Whether you\'re on a budget or you\'re looking for luxury, Oyster has found just the spot to stay for almost every kind of traveler -- and has the perfect Hawaii hotel for you.", and "Five Ways To Stay In Cancun (PHOTOS)" is the title for "We\'ve found just the spot to stay for almost every kind of traveler, so whether you plan on bringing the kids along or hope to have a romantic getaway, Oyster has a hotel for you.", and "Five Ways To Stay In Paris (PHOTOS)" is the title for "We\'ve found just the spot to stay for almost every kind of traveler, so whether you plan on bringing the kids along or hope to taste some of the finest French cuisine around, Oyster has a hotel for you.", and "Sexy Slips: 9 Hotels Where You Can Park Your Boat (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Some resorts, such as Hawks Cay Resort in the Florida Keys, let boaters sleep on board and still access all of the pools, restaurants, and activities on-site.".Generate a headline for the following article: From the tip of Maine to the Florida Keys, America\'s Eastern region is a diverse area filled with just about every type of terrain an active traveler could want: mountains, marshes, lakes, cliffs, forests and so much more.', '"6 Hotels For Party Animals (VIDEO)" is the title for "When we travel, we like to let loose -- after all, isn\'t a vacation all about leisure?", and "Five Ways To Stay In Cancun (PHOTOS)" is the title for "We\'ve found just the spot to stay for almost every kind of traveler, so whether you plan on bringing the kids along or hope to have a romantic getaway, Oyster has a hotel for you.", and "The Wildest Hotel Pool Parties (PHOTOS)" is the title for "With Spring Break just around the corner -- and the rest of us here dying for a warm-weather vacation -- we thought about where we\'d wanna party in the sun.", and "Oyster Half Dozen: The Best Hotel Beaches (VIDEO)" is the title for "We\'ve already waxed poetic about our love of all beach hotels. Now we\'ve done the research for you and found six of the greatest hotel beaches around the globe.", and "7 Ridiculously Awesome Beach Getaways for Kids" is the title for "Traveling with the kids is hardly a picnic, and all too often parents don\'t get to do a lot of vacationing on their vacations. If you\'re hoping to tantrum-proof your family beach getaway this winter, we have some solutions for you.".Generate a headline for the following article: We\'re pretty excited about all the beef stew and Bailey\'s we plan on imbibing this weekend.', '"Oyster Half Dozen: The Best Value Hotels (VIDEO)" is the title for "We may talk a lot about luxury hotels, but we\'re suckers for a good deal.", and "Budget-Savvy Honeymoons That Won\'t Skimp On Romance (PHOTOS)" is the title for "After all the planning, prepping, and smiling for guests whom you definitely didn\'t invite ("Oh, so your my mom\'s neighbor\'s daughter\'s friend? I see!"), a romantic getaway will be just what you need to kick off your wedded bliss.", and "Lucky Magazine\'s Fashion News and Features Director Names The Best Fashion Week Hotels" is the title for ""Uptown, I duck into the Royalton. Downtown, the Crosby Street Hotel is my home away from home."", and "Toast 2013 All Year Long At These 7 Sophisticated Champagne Lounges (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Legend has it that when Dom Perignon first discovered champagne, he called out, "Come quickly, I am tasting the stars!" It\'s hard to disagree with the Frenchman -- a cool glass of bubbly can make even the most stoic person let loose a giggle or a smirk.", and "5 Presidential Love Nests for Valentine\'s/Presidents\' Day Weekend" is the title for "Whether they are treating the First Lady (or their other lady loves) to a relaxing vacation, or pining for their loved one from a hotel suite for one, these presidents sure know a thing or two about l\'amour.".Generate a headline for the following article: I soon realized my error: He wasn\'t a police officer, but a full-blown pimp about to shake down a John.', '"Hotel Homes: 9 Historic Castles, Mansions, and Estates Where You Can Stay" is the title for "Ever dreamed of being king or queen of a castle? Lord or lady of the manor? Well, you\'re not the only one -- and plenty of hotels around the world can make that dream come true.", and "5 Hotel Health Risks You Didn\'t Know About" is the title for "Let\'s face it: Traveling can bring out the inner germaphobe in even the most adventurous of us.", and "Beachfront Luxury: 15 Decadent Hotels on the Sand (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Who doesn\'t love a beach vacation? The sun, the sand, and the ocean all come together to make for a relaxing getaway that", and "Irish Winter Wonderland: Our 9 Favorite Hotel Features To Keep You Toasty (PHOTOS)" is the title for "When it comes to cozy winter charm -- roaring fires, hot (and strong!) drinks and snug nooks -- it\'s hard to top Ireland. Though winter is the off season for the Emerald Isle, it can be a magical time to visit.", and "5 Outrageous Honeymoon Suites (PHOTOS)" is the title for "When the last sparkler has gone out, the wedding\'s over. For most people anyway. For the bride and groom it may just be beginning.".Generate a headline for the following article: Legend has it that when Dom Perignon first discovered champagne, he called out, "Come quickly, I am tasting the stars!" It\'s hard to disagree with the Frenchman -- a cool glass of bubbly can make even the most stoic person let loose a giggle or a smirk.', '"The Bitter End Yacht Club Offers An Old-School Caribbean Stay" is the title for "The assumption here is that travelers know how to handle both the a schooner and their rum.", and "Oyster Decodes Hotel Points Programs: Marriott Hotels" is the title for "Hotel point programs are not always easy to decipher, and sometimes even we (travel experts, after all) feel we need a guide to understand how they work. But it\'s worth the effort it takes to decode: All are free to join, and more often than not, end up saving travelers a significant amount of cash.", and "7 Memorable Beach Bars (PHOTOS)" is the title for "What better way to enjoy your summer to the fullest -- and deal with the reality of the approaching fall -- than to visit a happening bar on the beach?", and "6 Fabulous Apres-Ski Hotel Spas (PHOTOS)" is the title for "What\'s better than crawling into a soft, warm bed after a long day of skiing? Well, very few things, but an après-ski spa", and "Enjoying The New York Wine And Food Festival In Style" is the title for "You know the food will be fantastic, but if you don\'t have plans for your digs yet, we\'ve found the spots where gastronomic gatherings will take place.".Generate a headline for the following article: Few people know how to take it easy better than South Carolinians.', '"The Best Places To Watch NYC\'s July 4 Fireworks Show (PHOTOS)" is the title for "At this point in the summer, every city in the U.S. is gearing up to the July 4 celebrations with plans for parades, fireworks, performances and street fairs. But few can match what New York has up its sleeve this year to mark Independence Day.", and "Sticker Shock: 12 Crazy Expensive Hotel Suites (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Shelling out thousands of dollars a night for a hotel room may not be in the cards for most of us, but that doesn\'t mean", and "13 Stunning Health and Wellness Retreats (PHOTOS)" is the title for "For many of us, long days at the office, stress, and errands can get in the way of a healthy lifestyle. So we often look at our vacations not as a chance for a calorie binge (well, not always), but as a chance to hit the reset button and get back to our exercise and fitness regimens.", and "Exploring Paris On A Budget (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Paris may be the art and fashion capital of the world -- known for its over-the-top luxury properties and bohemian boutiques -- but most people can\'t afford a stay at the iconic Hotel Plaza Athenee.", and "A River Runs Through It: 12 Amazing Riverside Hotels" is the title for ""Sun and surf" might be the stuff of summer, but that doesn\'t mean a trip exclusively to the beach is in order. Some of our".Generate a headline for the following article: Alas, 2012 has come and gone, and we can\'t help but get a little nostalgic. After all, it was a great year -- especially in the hotel industry. But what really rocked our world this past year were the numerous (and we mean numerous) celebrity scandals that went down behind closed hotel doors.', '"12 Hotel Fitness Centers With Killer Views (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Some hotels go above and beyond to provide an appealing space for travelers to work out, with large windows overlooking the city, the mountains, even the beach!", and "From Designer Condoms To 3D Glasses: Wacky Hotel Minibar Items (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Some hotels feature rather surprising minibar offerings -- we\'re talking walking sticks and 24-karat gold vibrators. It\'s enough to make guests pause in their perusal of the candy selection and say, "Wait, what?"", and "Now Open for Summer: 4 Gorgeous Spots Along the East Coast (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Some of our favorite U.S. hotels on the East Coast have re-opened their doors for the summer season.", and "5 Great Spots To Surf This Summer And Where To Stay (PHOTOS)" is the title for "It happens to us every morning as we\'re commuting to work, we doze off and imagine we\'re among a throng of tanned, lean bodies flocking to the beach. A surfboard is under our arm.", and "A River Runs Through It: 12 Amazing Riverside Hotels" is the title for ""Sun and surf" might be the stuff of summer, but that doesn\'t mean a trip exclusively to the beach is in order. Some of our".Generate a headline for the following article: Some hotels aren\'t interested in catering to the baby-toting crowd and we\'re totally alright with that.', '"Romantic Honeymoon Hotels around the World (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Honeymoons must be two things: romantic and memorable. Any old trip to the beach is simply not going to suffice for a couple\'s post-nuptial getaway.", and "A River Runs Through It: 12 Amazing Riverside Hotels" is the title for ""Sun and surf" might be the stuff of summer, but that doesn\'t mean a trip exclusively to the beach is in order. Some of our", and "Best U.S. Cities For Live Music (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Paving the way for the rest of the world -- from bluegrass to hip-hop, country to surf rock -- cities around the country are famous for putting new music on the map.", and "Beachfront Luxury: 15 Decadent Hotels on the Sand (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Who doesn\'t love a beach vacation? The sun, the sand, and the ocean all come together to make for a relaxing getaway that", and "Top 5 Summer Activities in New England (PHOTOS)" is the title for "In New England come the warmer months, the region turns into a bustling destination with beachgoers, outdoors enthusiasts, foodies and even visitors whose only plans are to watch the world go by from a chair on the front porch of a quaint B&B.".Generate a headline for the following article: Deciding on a destination for an upcoming trip is never easy. While the beach and mountains may beckon, cities are a great', '"Melbourne Vs. Sydney: Which Australian City Is Right For You? (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Both offer gorgeous architecture and a boat load of culture, but where one gets top marks for an eco-friendly attitude and a hipster vibe, the other is renowned for its beaches and bold attitude.", and "London For Every Traveler (PHOTOS)" is the title for "It may have a stormy reputation, but like most of the greats, this city\'s best qualities lie in its history, culture and activities -- and it\'s certainly not a destination you want to miss!", and "The Best Road Trips From Houston, TX (PHOTOS)" is the title for "One of Space City\'s greatest assets is its close proximity to some of the other most unique and cultured cities.", and "Go Green: 8 Eco-Friendly Stays In Belize (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Belize is best known for its lush rain forests, Mayan ruins and gorgeous barrier reef -- one of the world\'s best sites for snorkeling and scuba diving. Here\'s a look at some of our favorite eco-friendly stays in the country.", and "Exploring Paris On A Budget (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Paris may be the art and fashion capital of the world -- known for its over-the-top luxury properties and bohemian boutiques -- but most people can\'t afford a stay at the iconic Hotel Plaza Athenee.".Generate a headline for the following article: Dubbed the "City of Brotherly Love," Philadelphia is famous for its rich revolution-era history, its architecture and its truly fanatic sports fans.', '"The Most Beautiful Views In Florence (PHOTOS)" is the title for "We\'ve seen plenty of beautiful sights on our travels, and we\'ve taken in some of the most breathtaking views we\'ve ever seen in Florence, a city characterized by red rooftops, cobblestone streets and distant rolling hills.", and "5 Great Hotel Apps In The Palm Of Your Hand" is the title for "We\'ve loaded up our iPhones and Androids in search of the best hotel apps around, and found these great, user-friendly apps that make our travel a lot easier and a lot more exciting.", and "Hotels For Modern Mad Men (PHOTOS)" is the title for "We\'ve done our research and come up with hotels that modern day Don Draper\'s will love, so grab a fresh drink, tell Joan to hold your calls and take a look!", and "Your End Of Summer Guide To Myrtle Beach, SC: What To Do And Where To Stay (PHOTOS)" is the title for "We\'ve come up with a guide to the must-do activities in Myrtle Beach, and where to stay when you\'re there. Get inspired and soak up these last few weeks of summer in this beachy hotspot.", and "5 Little Britains On American Soil (PHOTOS)" is the title for "We\'ve come up with five oh-so-English traditions that can be enjoyed with a certain American recklessness.".Generate a headline for the following article: These fantasies can very easily become a reality, with an outdoor space and a little elbow grease. We\'ve seen a lot of beautiful gardens on our travels, and so we took what we learned to come up these 10 helpful gardening tips.', '"The Best Halloween Parties In Hotels Across The U.S. (PHOTOS)" is the title for "With tons of space and on-site party planners, hotels often host some of the most devilish (in a good way!) Halloween parties around.", and "5 Hotel Health Risks You Didn\'t Know About" is the title for "Let\'s face it: Traveling can bring out the inner germaphobe in even the most adventurous of us.", and "Now Open for Summer: 4 Gorgeous Spots Along the East Coast (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Some of our favorite U.S. hotels on the East Coast have re-opened their doors for the summer season.", and "The 8 Most Expensive Spa Treatments" is the title for "Whether they\'re offering oils of gold, creams of caviar or bathtubs of wine, these hotel spas aren\'t shy about offering their guests the royal treatment -- and charging them royally, too.", and "Enjoying The New York Wine And Food Festival In Style" is the title for "You know the food will be fantastic, but if you don\'t have plans for your digs yet, we\'ve found the spots where gastronomic gatherings will take place.".Generate a headline for the following article: Many hotels have on-site bars, even if they\'re merely situated in the glorified outskirts of the lobby, where guests can', '"Our 12 Favorite Hotel Bars For After-Work Drinks (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Hotel bars are often a convenient spot for a nightcap or a quick after-work drink (anything to take the edge off!) while", and "Five Ways To Stay In Cancun (PHOTOS)" is the title for "We\'ve found just the spot to stay for almost every kind of traveler, so whether you plan on bringing the kids along or hope to have a romantic getaway, Oyster has a hotel for you.", and "Oyster.com\'s Picks for the Best Caribbean Destination Wedding Hotels" is the title for "Looking for a romantic getaway that is easy to get to and won\'t break the bank? These hotels are not only stunning, they\'ll accommodate your special day perfectly.", and "5 Boutique Hotels With Sex Appeal (PHOTOS)" is the title for "We picked our favorite boutiques that have all the necessary trappings for romance.", and "Sticker Shock: 12 Crazy Expensive Hotel Suites (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Shelling out thousands of dollars a night for a hotel room may not be in the cards for most of us, but that doesn\'t mean".Generate a headline for the following article: We have a special spot in our heart for hipster travelers. They, like us, have high standards when it comes to choosing a hotel. They\'ll often gravitate toward spots that are uber-trendy, quirky, or extremely green.', '"7 Memorable Beach Bars (PHOTOS)" is the title for "What better way to enjoy your summer to the fullest -- and deal with the reality of the approaching fall -- than to visit a happening bar on the beach?", and "Your End Of Summer Guide To Myrtle Beach, SC: What To Do And Where To Stay (PHOTOS)" is the title for "We\'ve come up with a guide to the must-do activities in Myrtle Beach, and where to stay when you\'re there. Get inspired and soak up these last few weeks of summer in this beachy hotspot.", and "5 Luxe Destination Wedding Escapes (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Hotels these days are making it easier than ever to do both, that is, honeymoon and wed at the very same location.", and "Where America\'s Old Money Stays and Plays (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Want to live like a Rockefeller on your next vacation? Want a voyeuristic peek into the world of the rich and powerful? These", and "10 Memorial Day Getaways NOT on the Beach (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Memorial Day weekend is just around the corner, and with it comes the official kick-off of the summer season. When that Friday".Generate a headline for the following article: Those same bunny hills and black diamonds turn into fun hiking trails and mountain bike circuits when the snow melts, and the dining and drinking is taken outdoors, bringing a lively atmosphere to long, sunny summer days.', '"A River Runs Through It: 12 Amazing Riverside Hotels" is the title for ""Sun and surf" might be the stuff of summer, but that doesn\'t mean a trip exclusively to the beach is in order. Some of our", and "Sticker Shock: 12 Crazy Expensive Hotel Suites (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Shelling out thousands of dollars a night for a hotel room may not be in the cards for most of us, but that doesn\'t mean", and "Melbourne Vs. Sydney: Which Australian City Is Right For You? (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Both offer gorgeous architecture and a boat load of culture, but where one gets top marks for an eco-friendly attitude and a hipster vibe, the other is renowned for its beaches and bold attitude.", and "Beachfront Luxury: 15 Decadent Hotels on the Sand (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Who doesn\'t love a beach vacation? The sun, the sand, and the ocean all come together to make for a relaxing getaway that", and "Oyster\'s Guide To Spain In 6 Days (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Europe is a lifetime must-see and Spain is one of its most diverse and fascinating countries. So how do you possibly see all it has to offer during a week-long vacay? We\'ve got it all figured out.".Generate a headline for the following article: Being one of the northernmost capitals in Europe gets you a reputation as a cold place, but that doesn\'t mean Stockholm doesn\'t offer myriad activities and during the warm summer months.', '"5 Ways To Stay In Jamaica (PHOTOS)" is the title for "We\'ve found just the spot to stay for almost every kind of traveler, so whether you\'re planning a romantic getaway or want to take the kids along, Oyster has a hotel for you.", and "Hawaii For Every Traveler (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Whether you\'re on a budget or you\'re looking for luxury, Oyster has found just the spot to stay for almost every kind of traveler -- and has the perfect Hawaii hotel for you.", and "Five Ways To Stay In Cancun (PHOTOS)" is the title for "We\'ve found just the spot to stay for almost every kind of traveler, so whether you plan on bringing the kids along or hope to have a romantic getaway, Oyster has a hotel for you.", and "The Perfect Secluded Honeymoon In The Foothills Of Jamaica (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Whether you\'re planning your honeymoon or just dreaming about a getaway, you\'ll want to say "I do" to the gorgeous Strawberry Hill.", and "7 Ridiculously Awesome Beach Getaways for Kids" is the title for "Traveling with the kids is hardly a picnic, and all too often parents don\'t get to do a lot of vacationing on their vacations. If you\'re hoping to tantrum-proof your family beach getaway this winter, we have some solutions for you.".Generate a headline for the following article: We\'ve done some digging into Disney\'s digs and have found the resorts that\'ll best suit all types of Disney-bound fanatics. Whether you\'re planning a girls\' getaway or a family vacation, Disney World can be just the spot to relax, reconnect -- and most importantly -- have the time of your life.']