['the category for the article:"I expected him to do well and show me some of his work. The money could be renewed for the second semester and the next year of college. Though I imagined that Mel would want to maintain periodic contact -- at least it was what I hoped -- I was wrong." is "religion", and the category for the article:"Though I might not subscribe to every prayer in the Siddur, I always use the synagogue time for my own prayer of thanks for being alive and the multitudes of blessings I enjoy.  I want to let the Lord know I haven\'t forgotten them.  Then, leaving the hall, the yarmulke still in place on my head, I head home feeling a little purer." is "religion", and the category for the article:"Although my mother swept away any feeling for her native land, I saw my trips as partly for her, maybe an effort to reconnect her to a land that only I wanted her to reconnect with." is "travel", and the category for the article:"The three make a trip of atypical opera themes, but no new opera brought the Met as much controversy as Klinghoffer." is "culture & arts".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: It\'s hard to find a restaurant that doesn\'t now place a little card at your table inquiring if the establishment was: (a) really awful; (b) tolerable; (c) sublime.', 'the category for the article:"(Apparently, Sharon Stone and Quincy Jones once presented two categories in a row and accidentally gave away the second envelope" is "entertainment", and the category for the article:"Today, Vanity Fair national political editor Todd S. Purdum discussed the "substance" and "words" and "point" of First Lady Michelle Obama\'s flawless speech at last night\'s Democratic National Convention. This post will not be covering any of that." is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"On Monday, The New York Times published an exhaustive opinion piece by TV critic Neil Genzlinger about the "Really?" epidemic -- what he sees as a troublesome trend in which lazy comedy writers resort to the one-word rebuttal for a cheap laugh." is "entertainment", and the category for the article:"You may know Dale Talde as the lovable two-time cheftestant who didn\'t quite make it to the finish line on Bravo\'s Top Chef. But the ambitious Asian-fusion connoisseur is now making a local name for himself in Park Slope, Brooklyn." is "food & drink", and the category for the article:"Faith in our elected officials may be fading, but of this we\'re sure: their wives remain as stunning as ever. Lately, better halves from both sides of the aisle have balanced the demands of professional and private life with impressive sartorial panache." is "style & beauty".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: As Duchess Catherine continues to peck away at furnishing her London apartment and her country house--the former was estimated', 'the category for the article:"More from Vanity Fair: 25 Years in the Life of Model Kate Moss Lady Gaga, Angelina Jolie and Jennifer Aniston: Vanity Fair\'s" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"Faith in our elected officials may be fading, but of this we\'re sure: their wives remain as stunning as ever. Lately, better halves from both sides of the aisle have balanced the demands of professional and private life with impressive sartorial panache." is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"By Julie Miller, Vanity Fair Inspired by the magazine\'s first-ever Best-Dressed Challenge--in which stylish members of the" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"More from Vanity Fair: Contrary to popular belief, most medical professional do not recommend that pregnant women avoid flattering" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"These days, we\'re all amateur food pornographers. But we thought the phone photos of a professional chef and consummate foodie like Mario Batali would be even yummier than those of us layfolk." is "food & drink".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: Today, Vanity Fair national political editor Todd S. Purdum discussed the "substance" and "words" and "point" of First Lady Michelle Obama\'s flawless speech at last night\'s Democratic National Convention. This post will not be covering any of that.', 'the category for the article:"You may know Dale Talde as the lovable two-time cheftestant who didn\'t quite make it to the finish line on Bravo\'s Top Chef. But the ambitious Asian-fusion connoisseur is now making a local name for himself in Park Slope, Brooklyn." is "food & drink", and the category for the article:"By Julie Miller, Vanity Fair Inspired by the magazine\'s first-ever Best-Dressed Challenge--in which stylish members of the" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"Today, Vanity Fair national political editor Todd S. Purdum discussed the "substance" and "words" and "point" of First Lady Michelle Obama\'s flawless speech at last night\'s Democratic National Convention. This post will not be covering any of that." is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"Faith in our elected officials may be fading, but of this we\'re sure: their wives remain as stunning as ever. Lately, better halves from both sides of the aisle have balanced the demands of professional and private life with impressive sartorial panache." is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"MTV\'s Video Music Awards telecast has been celebrating the finest cinematic feats from its industry\'s biggest artists since 1984. But despite this purportedly aesthetic bent, the outfits worn by its attendees are not always quite so visually appealing." is "style & beauty".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: On Monday, The New York Times published an exhaustive opinion piece by TV critic Neil Genzlinger about the "Really?" epidemic -- what he sees as a troublesome trend in which lazy comedy writers resort to the one-word rebuttal for a cheap laugh.', 'the category for the article:"On Monday, The New York Times published an exhaustive opinion piece by TV critic Neil Genzlinger about the "Really?" epidemic -- what he sees as a troublesome trend in which lazy comedy writers resort to the one-word rebuttal for a cheap laugh." is "entertainment", and the category for the article:"Today, Vanity Fair national political editor Todd S. Purdum discussed the "substance" and "words" and "point" of First Lady Michelle Obama\'s flawless speech at last night\'s Democratic National Convention. This post will not be covering any of that." is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"International Best-Dressed List Kate Middleton: Best-Dressed Pregnant Lady? More from Vanity Fair: Classic Nude Portraits" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"Kissing Celebs: Candid Moments from 2013 Kate Middleton: Best-Dressed Pregnant Lady? More from Vanity Fair: The Great Gatsby" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"More from Vanity Fair: 25 Years in the Life of Model Kate Moss Lady Gaga, Angelina Jolie and Jennifer Aniston: Vanity Fair\'s" is "style & beauty".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: By Julie Miller, Vanity Fair Inspired by the magazine\'s first-ever Best-Dressed Challenge--in which stylish members of the', 'the category for the article:"Today, Vanity Fair national political editor Todd S. Purdum discussed the "substance" and "words" and "point" of First Lady Michelle Obama\'s flawless speech at last night\'s Democratic National Convention. This post will not be covering any of that." is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"On Monday, The New York Times published an exhaustive opinion piece by TV critic Neil Genzlinger about the "Really?" epidemic -- what he sees as a troublesome trend in which lazy comedy writers resort to the one-word rebuttal for a cheap laugh." is "entertainment", and the category for the article:"Faith in our elected officials may be fading, but of this we\'re sure: their wives remain as stunning as ever. Lately, better halves from both sides of the aisle have balanced the demands of professional and private life with impressive sartorial panache." is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"More from Vanity Fair: 25 Years in the Life of Model Kate Moss Lady Gaga, Angelina Jolie and Jennifer Aniston: Vanity Fair\'s" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"By Julie Miller, Vanity Fair Inspired by the magazine\'s first-ever Best-Dressed Challenge--in which stylish members of the" is "style & beauty".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: SEE MORE: Looking Back: What 10 of This Year\'s Nominees Wore to Their First Oscars Stylist Kemal Harris chose a more conservative', 'the category for the article:"Overreaction risks fulfilling the terrorist’s mission of increasing public fear, confusion, and inconvenience." is "travel", and the category for the article:"As former FBI Director James Comey prepares to testify before Congress this week, it is worth reflecting about how poor cybersecurity" is "science & technology", and the category for the article:"Cybercrime is ever present, and there is one particular fraud we all should be aware of—particularly anyone who sends or" is "business".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: The president’s recent attacks against Special Counsel Robert Mueller and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, preceded', 'the category for the article:"In 2011, in an interview with The Golf Channel, I predicted a Tiger Woods comeback while many others said he was done. I was right that time and I am right again, and I\'ll say it right now and on the record: Tiger Woods will be back again and dominate the game of golf like the Tiger of old." is "sports", and the category for the article:"With a little bit of planning and a lot of discipline, accomplishing your goals in the New Year can become a reality.  Imagine the immense satisfaction you\'ll feel at this same time next year when you can look back and look at how far you\'ve come and all that you have accomplished." is "healthy living", and the category for the article:"What do you teach your kids about money, prosperity and how to get rich? If you’re like most parents, the answer is probably" is "business", and the category for the article:"Americans agree economic inequality has grown, but don\'t agree on why.  That\'s according to a new Pew Research article that gives varying reasons.  A closer look into what those polled on the issue said reveals these are more excuses rather than reasons." is "politics", and the category for the article:"Coach Harbaugh\'s multi-million dollar deal is just more proof that college sports are big business. It is another reason why college athletes, particularly college football players and basketball players, should be getting paid." is "sports".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: Huge municipalities like Chicago and Phoenix are drowning in underfunded pensions. Can tax revenue from legalized marijuana save the day?', 'the category for the article:"Americans agree economic inequality has grown, but don\'t agree on why.  That\'s according to a new Pew Research article that gives varying reasons.  A closer look into what those polled on the issue said reveals these are more excuses rather than reasons." is "politics", and the category for the article:"Champions like Tiger Woods are always charting and changing their course to be certain everything is on track. Tiger didn\'t just come to Augusta because it was the popular thing to do. He wouldn\'t have showed up if he wasn\'t ready to win. He came to win and he\'s prepared to win." is "sports", and the category for the article:"In 2011, in an interview with The Golf Channel, I predicted a Tiger Woods comeback while many others said he was done. I was right that time and I am right again, and I\'ll say it right now and on the record: Tiger Woods will be back again and dominate the game of golf like the Tiger of old." is "sports", and the category for the article:"Earl Woods said he made it clear his purpose was "not to raise a golfer. I wanted to raise a good person." Despite the bad reputation that follows Tiger these days, here\'s proof that there\'s still a good person living inside of him." is "sports", and the category for the article:"This whole argument boils down to a simple premise: who is in charge of our lives? Doctors? Politicians? Religious leaders? Or Us? Are we so feeble minded that we cannot be trusted to be responsible for our own existence?" is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: Coach Harbaugh\'s multi-million dollar deal is just more proof that college sports are big business. It is another reason why college athletes, particularly college football players and basketball players, should be getting paid.', 'the category for the article:"In 2011, in an interview with The Golf Channel, I predicted a Tiger Woods comeback while many others said he was done. I was right that time and I am right again, and I\'ll say it right now and on the record: Tiger Woods will be back again and dominate the game of golf like the Tiger of old." is "sports", and the category for the article:"Champions like Tiger Woods are always charting and changing their course to be certain everything is on track. Tiger didn\'t just come to Augusta because it was the popular thing to do. He wouldn\'t have showed up if he wasn\'t ready to win. He came to win and he\'s prepared to win." is "sports", and the category for the article:"Americans agree economic inequality has grown, but don\'t agree on why.  That\'s according to a new Pew Research article that gives varying reasons.  A closer look into what those polled on the issue said reveals these are more excuses rather than reasons." is "politics", and the category for the article:"Coach Harbaugh\'s multi-million dollar deal is just more proof that college sports are big business. It is another reason why college athletes, particularly college football players and basketball players, should be getting paid." is "sports", and the category for the article:"With a little bit of planning and a lot of discipline, accomplishing your goals in the New Year can become a reality.  Imagine the immense satisfaction you\'ll feel at this same time next year when you can look back and look at how far you\'ve come and all that you have accomplished." is "healthy living".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: Earl Woods said he made it clear his purpose was "not to raise a golfer. I wanted to raise a good person." Despite the bad reputation that follows Tiger these days, here\'s proof that there\'s still a good person living inside of him.', 'the category for the article:"The House GOP plan would tax tuition waivers, opening a new front in Republicans’ war on higher education. This plan is particularly" is "education", and the category for the article:"How do people who think of themselves as decent Christians support politicians like Donald Trump and Roy Moore? How do they" is "women", and the category for the article:"We progressives are facing difficult days as we watch the dismal failings of the Trump administration and the hateful machinations" is "politics", and the category for the article:"While Christian citizens should certainly engage in the political process, what’s missing for some is an understanding that government is for all the people, not a select Christian subset." is "politics", and the category for the article:"I\'m afraid that what you want is a nation that conforms to your interpretation of the Bible." is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: On his Senate campaign website, Roy Moore says, “Religious liberty is the civil rights issue of our time.” But when Roy', 'the category for the article:"How do people who think of themselves as decent Christians support politicians like Donald Trump and Roy Moore? How do they" is "women", and the category for the article:"The House GOP plan would tax tuition waivers, opening a new front in Republicans’ war on higher education. This plan is particularly" is "education", and the category for the article:"While Christian citizens should certainly engage in the political process, what’s missing for some is an understanding that government is for all the people, not a select Christian subset." is "politics", and the category for the article:"No sooner had the vile words flooded the airways than did some prominent evangelical leaders step forward to reiterate" is "religion", and the category for the article:"I\'m afraid that what you want is a nation that conforms to your interpretation of the Bible." is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: We progressives are facing difficult days as we watch the dismal failings of the Trump administration and the hateful machinations', 'the category for the article:"Tomorrow Night Is The 2015 WWE EXTREME RULES PPV on the WWE Network! It all starts with the Kickoff Show at 7:30pm EST. Here are some rumors and predictions for the PPV!" is "sports", and the category for the article:"This Sunday, May 17th at 8pm EST, is the WWE Payback 2015 PPV event on the WWE Network. Let\'s talk about all the matches, rumors, and my predictions." is "sports", and the category for the article:"A couple of the rumors floating around are that there will be "huge surprise" during the Elimination Chamber. This could be a couple of things. Will Samoa Joe show up and interfere in the Cena/Owens match? There\'s also a rumor of Roman Reigns turning heel." is "sports", and the category for the article:""Do you hear what KILLary Clinton did? You see what I did there?"" is "entertainment".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: Mila Kunis was named Sexiest Woman Alive by Esquire Magazine, and Mila totally deserves it. Check out the pictures and see if you agree!', 'the category for the article:"Can we ever get enough of Prince Harry? Don\'t answer -- it\'s a rhetorical question. We\'re back at it with another round-up" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"Gravy: "The Addict" You clearly enjoy the sweeter side of life, but you understand that sometimes you have to wait to find" is "food & drink", and the category for the article:""If you leave the house without sunscreen, you might as well be naked." -- Meghan McCain "We talk about skin health, and" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"You really just can\'t be a picky eater if you want to gain any respect from your elders. There are chicken feet on the table!" is "food & drink", and the category for the article:"1. The place is just WAY too big. You basically don\'t have to workout on the day you go to a major mall; it takes forever" is "style & beauty".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: We know some of you like to wear your shorts, er, looser... but please don\'t follow Soulja Boy\'s lead and wear these shorts', 'the category for the article:""If you leave the house without sunscreen, you might as well be naked." -- Meghan McCain "We talk about skin health, and" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"We\'re entering the depths of summer, and the stars\' outfits are responding to the heat properly. This week, celebrities did" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"Cindy Crawford revealed one of the most awesome photos on Twitter this week: a group of amazing supermodels decked out in" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"Can we ever get enough of Prince Harry? Don\'t answer -- it\'s a rhetorical question. We\'re back at it with another round-up" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"The successes and stumbles of this week\'s dangerous outfits can be sectioned off by event, each of which boasted more risqué" is "style & beauty".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: Alternatively, as one of our editors revealed, you can re-purchase the same item on sale and return the original with the', 'the category for the article:"This has to be one of Miley Cyrus\' most perplexing outfits this summer (and trust us, there were a lot). Her pants and sandal" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"There are plenty reasons why you should give B&B\'s a chance. For starters, it totally different than anything you\'ve done before and it\'s way cheaper." is "travel", and the category for the article:"Regret #4: I wish I had worn the right underwear." So much underwear, so many different ways to wear it. Let\'s be honest" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"Young starlets turned up the heat this week with their beauty choices. At the ESPY Awards, Selena Gomez proved she is no" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"Princess Laurentien of the Netherlands leads a pretty fascinating life. For one, she\'s married to Prince Constantijn of the" is "style & beauty".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: It\'s safe to say Kate Upton has had some pretty wide-ranging photo shoots in her career so far. And before she got glam for', 'the category for the article:"Marissa Webb\'s sandals: This will be a huge trend next season, trust us. Webb\'s innovative merging of a plain black pump" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"This week might just be the most daring one yet, now that the red carpet is warming up. Celebrities are taking serious fashion" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"Young starlets turned up the heat this week with their beauty choices. At the ESPY Awards, Selena Gomez proved she is no" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"The look: The look: The look: The look: "The models done up [at Rodarte] in chunky gold jewelry, studded belts, and trucker" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"We\'re entering the depths of summer, and the stars\' outfits are responding to the heat properly. This week, celebrities did" is "style & beauty".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: 13. Pick black pumps with straps. The straps give the regular black pump an unexpected twist. These shoes are going to be', 'the category for the article:"This week might just be the most daring one yet, now that the red carpet is warming up. Celebrities are taking serious fashion" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"This has to be one of Miley Cyrus\' most perplexing outfits this summer (and trust us, there were a lot). Her pants and sandal" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:""If you leave the house without sunscreen, you might as well be naked." -- Meghan McCain "We talk about skin health, and" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"You really just can\'t be a picky eater if you want to gain any respect from your elders. There are chicken feet on the table!" is "food & drink", and the category for the article:"The successes and stumbles of this week\'s dangerous outfits can be sectioned off by event, each of which boasted more risqué" is "style & beauty".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: This could only mean one thing: Yes, Burch brought out the fanny pack. Oh, fashion designers -- you can be so perplexing', 'the category for the article:"Can we ever get enough of Prince Harry? Don\'t answer -- it\'s a rhetorical question. We\'re back at it with another round-up" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"This week might just be the most daring one yet, now that the red carpet is warming up. Celebrities are taking serious fashion" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"It was all about the hair this week at the Cannes Film Festival. Gone are the days of straight strands and basic buns. The" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"Gravy: "The Addict" You clearly enjoy the sweeter side of life, but you understand that sometimes you have to wait to find" is "food & drink", and the category for the article:"This has to be one of Miley Cyrus\' most perplexing outfits this summer (and trust us, there were a lot). Her pants and sandal" is "style & beauty".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: Clarification: Tuber or not tuber, that was the question. And this post has been updated to reflect that some varieties of', 'the category for the article:"Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"PHOTOS: Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. 11" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Georgia" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"Young starlets turned up the heat this week with their beauty choices. At the ESPY Awards, Selena Gomez proved she is no" is "style & beauty".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: Want more HuffPost Style beauty content? Check us out on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostBeauty', 'the category for the article:"As the weather starts shifting from colder to warmer, so do the stars\' beauty looks. This week, we saw more natural faces" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:""If you leave the house without sunscreen, you might as well be naked." -- Meghan McCain "We talk about skin health, and" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"The best beauty looks this week showcased great hair. "Mad Men" starlet Kiernan Shipka sported an age-appropriate updo, while" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"Long gowns are typically formal, elegant pieces of clothing, so it is always interesting to see celebrities\' different takes" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"This was a great week for celebrity hair. Sienna Miller made us want to go out and buy a floral headband, Kirsten Dunst sported" is "style & beauty".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: Adriana Lima always looks great, but we\'ve never pegged her as a dark lipstick gal. That\'s why it was so shocking to see', 'the category for the article:"This week might just be the most daring one yet, now that the red carpet is warming up. Celebrities are taking serious fashion" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"1. The place is just WAY too big. You basically don\'t have to workout on the day you go to a major mall; it takes forever" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"Debenhams just released its Spring 2013 look book, and it\'s quite different from the usual ones we see. Instead of sticking" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"We\'re entering the depths of summer, and the stars\' outfits are responding to the heat properly. This week, celebrities did" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"Regret #4: I wish I had worn the right underwear." So much underwear, so many different ways to wear it. Let\'s be honest" is "style & beauty".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: Long gowns are typically formal, elegant pieces of clothing, so it is always interesting to see celebrities\' different takes', 'the category for the article:"What\'s a McDonald\'s burger look like after it\'s been in someone\'s pocket or 14 years? You\'d be surprised." is "food & drink", and the category for the article:"Young starlets turned up the heat this week with their beauty choices. At the ESPY Awards, Selena Gomez proved she is no" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:""If you leave the house without sunscreen, you might as well be naked." -- Meghan McCain "We talk about skin health, and" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"Gravy: "The Addict" You clearly enjoy the sweeter side of life, but you understand that sometimes you have to wait to find" is "food & drink", and the category for the article:"1. The place is just WAY too big. You basically don\'t have to workout on the day you go to a major mall; it takes forever" is "style & beauty".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: You won\'t believe that Naomi Campbell is 43 years old when you see what she looked like at the Novak Djokovic Charity Dinner', 'the category for the article:"The look: The look: The look: The look: "The models done up [at Rodarte] in chunky gold jewelry, studded belts, and trucker" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"It was all about the hair this week at the Cannes Film Festival. Gone are the days of straight strands and basic buns. The" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"We\'re entering the depths of summer, and the stars\' outfits are responding to the heat properly. This week, celebrities did" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"As the weather starts shifting from colder to warmer, so do the stars\' beauty looks. This week, we saw more natural faces" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"Cannes Film Festival started this week and the stars were out in full-force with intriguing fashion choices. It\'s quite the" is "style & beauty".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: The National Museum of the US Air Force displays "Blunder Trophies" from the 1920\'s and the early 1930\'s presented at the', 'the category for the article:"This week might just be the most daring one yet, now that the red carpet is warming up. Celebrities are taking serious fashion" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"Dexter from "Dexter": He has to kill people, analyze blood and take care of a kid all in the Miami heat. He keeps cool with" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"It was all about the hair this week at the Cannes Film Festival. Gone are the days of straight strands and basic buns. The" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"Can we ever get enough of Prince Harry? Don\'t answer -- it\'s a rhetorical question. We\'re back at it with another round-up" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"4. No, really -- the funkiest of hats. (Perhaps it\'s to cover up a little something that\'s happening to his hair?) 9. He" is "style & beauty".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: The Taiwanese-American designer creates a lot of dark clothing with serious attitude. He keeps it basic, yet approachable', 'the category for the article:"Click through to get wooed by Harry... If you couldn\'t tell, we are still dreaming about that time when the most beautiful" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"We\'re entering the depths of summer, and the stars\' outfits are responding to the heat properly. This week, celebrities did" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"Young starlets turned up the heat this week with their beauty choices. At the ESPY Awards, Selena Gomez proved she is no" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:""If you leave the house without sunscreen, you might as well be naked." -- Meghan McCain "We talk about skin health, and" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"Debenhams just released its Spring 2013 look book, and it\'s quite different from the usual ones we see. Instead of sticking" is "style & beauty".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: Can we ever get enough of Prince Harry? Don\'t answer -- it\'s a rhetorical question. We\'re back at it with another round-up', 'the category for the article:"Sugarplums, stollen, and Christmas pudding. What exactly are these foods? We\'re breaking it down for you." is "food & drink", and the category for the article:"Can we ever get enough of Prince Harry? Don\'t answer -- it\'s a rhetorical question. We\'re back at it with another round-up" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"The successes and stumbles of this week\'s dangerous outfits can be sectioned off by event, each of which boasted more risqué" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:""If you leave the house without sunscreen, you might as well be naked." -- Meghan McCain "We talk about skin health, and" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"We\'re entering the depths of summer, and the stars\' outfits are responding to the heat properly. This week, celebrities did" is "style & beauty".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: Pizza, hamburgers, hot dogs and Oreos. We love these foods. It\'s mind-blowing the millions and billions of gallons and pounds we eat of each every year.', 'the category for the article:"Once you go vegetarian, beans, soy and every single vegetable in the entire world become your best friends." is "food & drink", and the category for the article:"Pizza, hamburgers, hot dogs and Oreos. We love these foods. It\'s mind-blowing the millions and billions of gallons and pounds we eat of each every year." is "food & drink", and the category for the article:""If you leave the house without sunscreen, you might as well be naked." -- Meghan McCain "We talk about skin health, and" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"Ramen, mac & cheese, and free office snacks. These are food necessities when you\'re eating on a serious budget." is "food & drink", and the category for the article:"The look: The look: The look: The look: "The models done up [at Rodarte] in chunky gold jewelry, studded belts, and trucker" is "style & beauty".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: Every single person in the world must experience these fluffy Asian sandwiches steamed with savory or sweet fillings inside.', 'the category for the article:"Can we ever get enough of Prince Harry? Don\'t answer -- it\'s a rhetorical question. We\'re back at it with another round-up" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"Gravy: "The Addict" You clearly enjoy the sweeter side of life, but you understand that sometimes you have to wait to find" is "food & drink", and the category for the article:"Young starlets turned up the heat this week with their beauty choices. At the ESPY Awards, Selena Gomez proved she is no" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"We\'re entering the depths of summer, and the stars\' outfits are responding to the heat properly. This week, celebrities did" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"This week might just be the most daring one yet, now that the red carpet is warming up. Celebrities are taking serious fashion" is "style & beauty".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: Princess Laurentien of the Netherlands leads a pretty fascinating life. For one, she\'s married to Prince Constantijn of the', 'the category for the article:"The best beauty looks this week showcased great hair. "Mad Men" starlet Kiernan Shipka sported an age-appropriate updo, while" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"Want more HuffPost Style beauty content? Check us out on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostBeauty" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"PHOTOS: Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"It was all about the hair this week at the Cannes Film Festival. Gone are the days of straight strands and basic buns. The" is "style & beauty".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: This was a great week for celebrity hair. Sienna Miller made us want to go out and buy a floral headband, Kirsten Dunst sported', 'the category for the article:"We\'re entering the depths of summer, and the stars\' outfits are responding to the heat properly. This week, celebrities did" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"This week might just be the most daring one yet, now that the red carpet is warming up. Celebrities are taking serious fashion" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"Want more HuffPost Style beauty content? Check us out on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostBeauty" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"Cannes Film Festival started this week and the stars were out in full-force with intriguing fashion choices. It\'s quite the" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"The best beauty looks this week showcased great hair. "Mad Men" starlet Kiernan Shipka sported an age-appropriate updo, while" is "style & beauty".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: Young starlets turned up the heat this week with their beauty choices. At the ESPY Awards, Selena Gomez proved she is no', 'the category for the article:"This has to be one of Miley Cyrus\' most perplexing outfits this summer (and trust us, there were a lot). Her pants and sandal" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"The successes and stumbles of this week\'s dangerous outfits can be sectioned off by event, each of which boasted more risqué" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"Metallic and great statement-making jewelry are all the rage right now. We were particularly moved by both of these trends" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"This week might just be the most daring one yet, now that the red carpet is warming up. Celebrities are taking serious fashion" is "style & beauty", and the category for the article:"Two beauty trends are riding high right now: braided updos and a bright, punchy red lip. Bella Heathcote showed us how to" is "style & beauty".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: We were also taken aback by a lot of great lip colors on this side of the pond, from Solange Knowles\' perfect red lipstick', 'the category for the article:"Republicans and Democrats alike should face the fact that a circular firing squad is unavoidable in a primary campaign with" is "politics", and the category for the article:"With funds for Planned Parenthood and women’s health programs on the chopping block in the latest GOP Obamacare-replacement" is "women", and the category for the article:"Huffington Post reporter Matt Fuller tweeted this morning that U.S. Rep. Mike Coffman refused to talk to him because, Coffman" is "politics", and the category for the article:"Susan Lontine did more than just delete the post. She owned the mistake." is "politics", and the category for the article:"The Western Conservative Summit bills itself as the “largest gathering of conservatives outside of Washington, D.C.,” \xa0drawing" is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: Back in August, The Denver Post’s John Ingold scrutinized statements from conservatives that Colorado should free up money', 'the category for the article:"With funds for Planned Parenthood and women’s health programs on the chopping block in the latest GOP Obamacare-replacement" is "women", and the category for the article:"Here\'s my list of key questions for Gardner. Please add yours in the comment section. What’s the highest number of people" is "politics", and the category for the article:"U.S. Sen. Cory Gardner (R-CO) is now undecided on whether he’d support GOP legislation to repeal Obamacare without replacing" is "politics", and the category for the article:"Back when he was running for U.S. Senate in 2014, Sen. Cory Gardner (R—CO) dismissed his opponents’ repeated accusations" is "politics", and the category for the article:"With U.S. Sen. Cory Gardner\'s (R-CO) first solo town halls in about 500 days taking place today, it\'s worth reviewing how" is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: Back in March, Colorado Sen. Cory Gardner joined fellow Republican Senators Shelley Moore Capito of West Virginia, Lisa Murkowski', 'the category for the article:"Monger was featured in a Healthier Colorado advertisement opposing the U.S. Senate’s bill to replace Obamacare." is "politics", and the category for the article:"U.S. Sen. Cory Gardner (R-CO) is now undecided on whether he’d support GOP legislation to repeal Obamacare without replacing" is "politics", and the category for the article:"With funds for Planned Parenthood and women’s health programs on the chopping block in the latest GOP Obamacare-replacement" is "women", and the category for the article:"With U.S. Sen. Cory Gardner\'s (R-CO) first solo town halls in about 500 days taking place today, it\'s worth reviewing how" is "politics", and the category for the article:"U.S. Sen. Cory Gardner (R-CO) has yet to comment on Trump’s latest effort to deliver a body blow to Obamacare by eliminating" is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: Back when he was running for U.S. Senate in 2014, Sen. Cory Gardner (R—CO) dismissed his opponents’ repeated accusations', 'the category for the article:"A much anticipated "town hall" meeting with U.S. Sen. Cory Gardner and three other lawmakers, scheduled to take place in" is "politics", and the category for the article:"With funds for Planned Parenthood and women’s health programs on the chopping block in the latest GOP Obamacare-replacement" is "women", and the category for the article:"U.S. Sen. Cory Gardner (R-CO) has been taking it pretty hard from all Coloradans, judging from his low approval ratings, and" is "politics", and the category for the article:"Protesters at U.S. Sen. Cory Gardner’s (R-CO) town hall meeting at Colorado Christian University\'s (CCU) 900-person-capacity" is "politics", and the category for the article:"U.S. Sen. Cory Gardner (R-CO) is now undecided on whether he’d support GOP legislation to repeal Obamacare without replacing" is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: With U.S. Sen. Cory Gardner\'s (R-CO) first solo town halls in about 500 days taking place today, it\'s worth reviewing how', 'the category for the article:"A much anticipated "town hall" meeting with U.S. Sen. Cory Gardner and three other lawmakers, scheduled to take place in" is "politics", and the category for the article:"In an appearance on conservative radio Thursday, Colorado Sen. Cory Gardner pointed to props and costumed-protesters at his" is "politics", and the category for the article:"With U.S. Sen. Cory Gardner\'s (R-CO) first solo town halls in about 500 days taking place today, it\'s worth reviewing how" is "politics", and the category for the article:"With funds for Planned Parenthood and women’s health programs on the chopping block in the latest GOP Obamacare-replacement" is "women", and the category for the article:"U.S. Sen. Cory Gardner (R-CO) is now undecided on whether he’d support GOP legislation to repeal Obamacare without replacing" is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: Protesters at U.S. Sen. Cory Gardner’s (R-CO) town hall meeting at Colorado Christian University\'s (CCU) 900-person-capacity', 'the category for the article:"With funds for Planned Parenthood and women’s health programs on the chopping block in the latest GOP Obamacare-replacement" is "women", and the category for the article:"Sounding much like Trump, who last week called the Republican tax bill\xa0“one of the great Christmas gifts to middle-income" is "politics", and the category for the article:"Here\'s my list of key questions for Gardner. Please add yours in the comment section. What’s the highest number of people" is "politics", and the category for the article:"Huffington Post reporter Matt Fuller tweeted this morning that U.S. Rep. Mike Coffman refused to talk to him because, Coffman" is "politics", and the category for the article:"The Western Conservative Summit bills itself as the “largest gathering of conservatives outside of Washington, D.C.,” \xa0drawing" is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: U.S. Rep. Ken Buck (R-CO) grabbed headlines yesterday by declaring the Republican Party “dead.” ‘After eight years of assuring', 'the category for the article:"Here\'s my list of key questions for Gardner. Please add yours in the comment section. What’s the highest number of people" is "politics", and the category for the article:"Rep. Mike Coffman broke from conservative orthodox thinking last week when he stated that there\'s\xa0"not taxpayer funding for" is "politics", and the category for the article:"Huffington Post reporter Matt Fuller tweeted this morning that U.S. Rep. Mike Coffman refused to talk to him because, Coffman" is "politics", and the category for the article:"To fight fake news in a bipartisan way, Republicans and Democrats\xa0need to find it in themselves to trust professional journalism" is "politics", and the category for the article:"With funds for Planned Parenthood and women’s health programs on the chopping block in the latest GOP Obamacare-replacement" is "women".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: Gardner emphasizes repeatedly that he wants to hear from real people, not fake protesters.', 'the category for the article:"Republicans and Democrats alike should face the fact that a circular firing squad is unavoidable in a primary campaign with" is "politics", and the category for the article:"When our legislators disregard truth and give in to infantile impulses, the results are a sight to see." is "politics", and the category for the article:"One response to a civil war is to try to be on both sides of it." is "politics", and the category for the article:"With funds for Planned Parenthood and women’s health programs on the chopping block in the latest GOP Obamacare-replacement" is "women", and the category for the article:"U.S. Sen. Cory Gardner (R-CO) has yet to comment on Trump’s latest effort to deliver a body blow to Obamacare by eliminating" is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: To fight fake news in a bipartisan way, Republicans and Democrats\xa0need to find it in themselves to trust professional journalism', 'the category for the article:"Huffington Post reporter Matt Fuller tweeted this morning that U.S. Rep. Mike Coffman refused to talk to him because, Coffman" is "politics", and the category for the article:"With funds for Planned Parenthood and women’s health programs on the chopping block in the latest GOP Obamacare-replacement" is "women", and the category for the article:"Sounding much like Trump, who last week called the Republican tax bill\xa0“one of the great Christmas gifts to middle-income" is "politics", and the category for the article:"Back when he was running for U.S. Senate in 2014, Sen. Cory Gardner (R—CO) dismissed his opponents’ repeated accusations" is "politics", and the category for the article:"Republicans and Democrats alike should face the fact that a circular firing squad is unavoidable in a primary campaign with" is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: Rep. Mike Coffman broke from conservative orthodox thinking last week when he stated that there\'s\xa0"not taxpayer funding for', 'the category for the article:""President Trump’s newest travel ban is still a Muslim ban at its core," said the group\'s executive director." is "politics", and the category for the article:"The bill would have let more parents bond with new children without fear of losing their jobs." is "politics", and the category for the article:""We should never think that this is something that just happens in the ordinary course of events."" is "politics", and the category for the article:""He got me so cranked up that I was about to take my tie off," said the former vice president." is "politics", and the category for the article:"“I know President Trump is trying to get out of the Paris agreement, but he doesn’t speak for the rest of America," said California Gov. Jerry Brown." is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: "I don’t think anybody really thinks that somebody who spent his life performing surgeries on soldiers and children is cozying up to street gangs," the former president said.', 'the category for the article:"This is what to watch for over the next few days as Donald Trump becomes the 45th president of the United States." is "politics", and the category for the article:"The bill would have let more parents bond with new children without fear of losing their jobs." is "politics", and the category for the article:""President Trump’s newest travel ban is still a Muslim ban at its core," said the group\'s executive director." is "politics", and the category for the article:"“I know President Trump is trying to get out of the Paris agreement, but he doesn’t speak for the rest of America," said California Gov. Jerry Brown." is "politics", and the category for the article:""It’s time for Congress to start living in the real world -- where you either do your job -- or you don\'t get paid."" is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: The 44th president\'s legacy will include his strong advocacy for families.', 'the category for the article:"This is what to watch for over the next few days as Donald Trump becomes the 45th president of the United States." is "politics", and the category for the article:"More than 100 women have come forward with stories of being harassed while working in politics in the state." is "politics", and the category for the article:"Trump says his boasts of sexual assault were just talk. These women say it happened to them." is "politics", and the category for the article:"The bill would eliminate the sales tax on menstrual products, saving women an estimated $20 million annually." is "politics", and the category for the article:""It’s time for Congress to start living in the real world -- where you either do your job -- or you don\'t get paid."" is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: The fund for Democratic women backs Katie Porter in California\'s 45th District.', 'the category for the article:"“In these stressful times for our country, this election must be about bringing our people together, not dividing us up,” Sanders said." is "politics", and the category for the article:""We must continue to stand up for the rights of all people," said Washington\'s governor." is "politics", and the category for the article:"“We will not stand by and let the federal government use our state and local agencies to separate mothers from their children.”" is "politics", and the category for the article:""We ask the Trump Administration to engage with us before embarking on any changes to regulatory and enforcement systems."" is "politics", and the category for the article:""We urge you to\naffirm America’s values and tradition as a nation of immigrants," reads a letter to the president." is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: "We must measure up to our words and fight for our ideals, because the critical hour is upon us."', 'the category for the article:"“The speaker does not see anything that changes his view that the Senate should keep its focus on repeal and replace of Obamacare."" is "politics", and the category for the article:"The bill would have let more parents bond with new children without fear of losing their jobs." is "politics", and the category for the article:""President Trump’s newest travel ban is still a Muslim ban at its core," said the group\'s executive director." is "politics", and the category for the article:"California\'s state Senate voted\xa031-2 Tuesday to ban the names of Confederate leaders from public buildings.\xa0 SB 539, which" is "politics", and the category for the article:"The bill would eliminate the sales tax on menstrual products, saving women an estimated $20 million annually." is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell can only lose two Republican votes and still advance the bill.', 'the category for the article:"James Woolsey had publicly split with Trump on Russia\'s interference in the 2016 election." is "politics", and the category for the article:"A petition calling on business leaders to back out of the forum has drawn over 115,000 signatures." is "politics", and the category for the article:"This is what to watch for over the next few days as Donald Trump becomes the 45th president of the United States." is "politics", and the category for the article:"Trump says his boasts of sexual assault were just talk. These women say it happened to them." is "politics", and the category for the article:""President Trump’s newest travel ban is still a Muslim ban at its core," said the group\'s executive director." is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: The messages were handed over to congressional investigators probing Russia\'s influence on the 2016 election.', 'the category for the article:"Trump says his boasts of sexual assault were just talk. These women say it happened to them." is "politics", and the category for the article:"The bill would have let more parents bond with new children without fear of losing their jobs." is "politics", and the category for the article:"There\'s one woman for every seven men in the top roles at California\'s biggest companies." is "business", and the category for the article:"More than 100 women have come forward with stories of being harassed while working in politics in the state." is "politics", and the category for the article:""Every day that goes by, this just becomes more and more of a reality television show."" is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: One of these men is lying. Which one is more credible?', 'the category for the article:"“In these stressful times for our country, this election must be about bringing our people together, not dividing us up,” Sanders said." is "politics", and the category for the article:"California Gov. Jerry Brown (D) has declared a state of emergency\xa0as wildfires blaze in 15 counties across the Golden State" is "politics", and the category for the article:"“I know President Trump is trying to get out of the Paris agreement, but he doesn’t speak for the rest of America," said California Gov. Jerry Brown." is "politics", and the category for the article:"The bill would have let more parents bond with new children without fear of losing their jobs." is "politics", and the category for the article:"More than 100 women have come forward with stories of being harassed while working in politics in the state." is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: Brown said recent wildfires should be a "wake-up call" for the entire state.', 'the category for the article:"Several confirmation hearings are scheduled for this week, and the group says it wants the public to learn about the nominees." is "politics", and the category for the article:"Apparently women aren\'t a part of the network\'s "new war" on digital media." is "women", and the category for the article:""President Trump’s newest travel ban is still a Muslim ban at its core," said the group\'s executive director." is "politics", and the category for the article:"Trump says his boasts of sexual assault were just talk. These women say it happened to them." is "politics", and the category for the article:"“I know President Trump is trying to get out of the Paris agreement, but he doesn’t speak for the rest of America," said California Gov. Jerry Brown." is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: Russian media were allowed at last week\'s meeting, but the American press was not.', 'the category for the article:"This is what to watch for over the next few days as Donald Trump becomes the 45th president of the United States." is "politics", and the category for the article:"The vast majority of the president\'s sit-down interviews have been with Fox, where he has found a sympathetic audience." is "politics", and the category for the article:"“I know President Trump is trying to get out of the Paris agreement, but he doesn’t speak for the rest of America," said California Gov. Jerry Brown." is "politics", and the category for the article:""President Trump’s newest travel ban is still a Muslim ban at its core," said the group\'s executive director." is "politics", and the category for the article:"Citing Trump\'s hold on the GOP, the Arizona senator said Tuesday that he won\'t run for re-election next year." is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: He simply won\'t shut down speculation that President Barack Obama wasn\'t born in the United States.', 'the category for the article:"One of these men is lying. Which one is more credible?" is "politics", and the category for the article:"“The California Department of Justice will fight to protect every woman’s right to healthcare, including reproductive healthcare."" is "politics", and the category for the article:"More than 100 women have come forward with stories of being harassed while working in politics in the state." is "politics", and the category for the article:"The bill would have let more parents bond with new children without fear of losing their jobs." is "politics", and the category for the article:""It’s time for Congress to start living in the real world -- where you either do your job -- or you don\'t get paid."" is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: There\'s one woman for every seven men in the top roles at California\'s biggest companies.', 'the category for the article:""We should never think that this is something that just happens in the ordinary course of events."" is "politics", and the category for the article:"This is what to watch for over the next few days as Donald Trump becomes the 45th president of the United States." is "politics", and the category for the article:""Every day that goes by, this just becomes more and more of a reality television show."" is "politics", and the category for the article:"“I know President Trump is trying to get out of the Paris agreement, but he doesn’t speak for the rest of America," said California Gov. Jerry Brown." is "politics", and the category for the article:""We urge you to\naffirm America’s values and tradition as a nation of immigrants," reads a letter to the president." is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: "We know that the character of the French Republic will endure long after this devastating and tragic loss of life."', 'the category for the article:"Several confirmation hearings are scheduled for this week, and the group says it wants the public to learn about the nominees." is "politics", and the category for the article:"The White House declined the sports channel\'s offer to air Trump selecting his picks for the NCAA Tournament." is "politics", and the category for the article:"“I know President Trump is trying to get out of the Paris agreement, but he doesn’t speak for the rest of America," said California Gov. Jerry Brown." is "politics", and the category for the article:"“The speaker does not see anything that changes his view that the Senate should keep its focus on repeal and replace of Obamacare."" is "politics", and the category for the article:""President Trump’s newest travel ban is still a Muslim ban at its core," said the group\'s executive director." is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: The House Oversight Committee chairman said he wants to return to his law career.', 'the category for the article:"The White House declined the sports channel\'s offer to air Trump selecting his picks for the NCAA Tournament." is "politics", and the category for the article:"A petition calling on business leaders to back out of the forum has drawn over 115,000 signatures." is "politics", and the category for the article:""I don’t think anybody really thinks that somebody who spent his life performing surgeries on soldiers and children is cozying up to street gangs," the former president said." is "politics", and the category for the article:"The bill would have let more parents bond with new children without fear of losing their jobs." is "politics", and the category for the article:""President Trump’s newest travel ban is still a Muslim ban at its core," said the group\'s executive director." is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: According to the Wall Street Journal, Flynn\'s offer has not been accepted.', 'the category for the article:"This is what to watch for over the next few days as Donald Trump becomes the 45th president of the United States." is "politics", and the category for the article:"The bill would have let more parents bond with new children without fear of losing their jobs." is "politics", and the category for the article:"More than 100 women have come forward with stories of being harassed while working in politics in the state." is "politics", and the category for the article:""President Trump’s newest travel ban is still a Muslim ban at its core," said the group\'s executive director." is "politics", and the category for the article:"The fashion magazine is the latest in a string of publications to take a stand against Donald Trump." is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: Donald Trump\'s proposal is hugely unpopular with people in both countries.', 'the category for the article:""When has he spoken about compassion?" the former Mexican president said. "When has he spoken about the poor?"" is "politics", and the category for the article:""President Trump’s newest travel ban is still a Muslim ban at its core," said the group\'s executive director." is "politics", and the category for the article:""I don’t think anybody really thinks that somebody who spent his life performing surgeries on soldiers and children is cozying up to street gangs," the former president said." is "politics", and the category for the article:"An adviser for the retired neurosurgeon previously said Carson didn\'t think he was qualified for a cabinet post." is "politics", and the category for the article:"Travis Kalanick wants to see a day when every car in the city is an Uber." is "business".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: "He reacted like most people do when attacked by an unknown object," said an aide to the former NBA star.', 'the category for the article:"This is the way it works, even if you’re a lawyer known for representing victims of sexual harassment." is "politics", and the category for the article:""It’s time for Congress to start living in the real world -- where you either do your job -- or you don\'t get paid."" is "politics", and the category for the article:""I don\'t know what Donald Trump is going to be standing for in November."" is "politics", and the category for the article:""If we\'re the party for the underdogs everywhere, we win," he said." is "politics", and the category for the article:"Ann Coulter called Trump "mental" for going after Ted Cruz\'s wife." is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: “If you’re going to keep leaking, I’m going to fire everybody," he threatens.', 'the category for the article:"While many Republicans are team #NeverTrump, few have actually said they\'ll support a Democrat instead." is "politics", and the category for the article:"This is what to watch for over the next few days as Donald Trump becomes the 45th president of the United States." is "politics", and the category for the article:"“I know President Trump is trying to get out of the Paris agreement, but he doesn’t speak for the rest of America," said California Gov. Jerry Brown." is "politics", and the category for the article:"The state\'s Supreme Court says the public has a right to access all communications about government business." is "politics", and the category for the article:"More than 100 women have come forward with stories of being harassed while working in politics in the state." is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: Republicans are criticizing Donald Trump while keeping a Supreme Court seat open in hopes he\'ll become president.', 'the category for the article:"The bill would have let more parents bond with new children without fear of losing their jobs." is "politics", and the category for the article:"More than 100 women have come forward with stories of being harassed while working in politics in the state." is "politics", and the category for the article:""Every day that goes by, this just becomes more and more of a reality television show."" is "politics", and the category for the article:""President Trump’s newest travel ban is still a Muslim ban at its core," said the group\'s executive director." is "politics", and the category for the article:"More details emerged about the health secretary\'s costly trips one day after the White House distanced itself from the controversy." is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: Chuck Grassley and Dianne Feinstein want more details on Flynn\'s contact with Russia.', 'the category for the article:"The president said Trump\'s comments about nuclear weapons show he "doesn\'t know much" about proliferation." is "politics", and the category for the article:""He reacted like most people do when attacked by an unknown object," said an aide to the former NBA star." is "politics", and the category for the article:"His disingenuous comments ignore the GOP politicians who have spoken out on climate issues." is "politics", and the category for the article:"The president said he\'s "tired" of talking about Hillary Clinton\'s opponent." is "politics", and the category for the article:"“I know President Trump is trying to get out of the Paris agreement, but he doesn’t speak for the rest of America," said California Gov. Jerry Brown." is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: "When has he spoken about compassion?" the former Mexican president said. "When has he spoken about the poor?"', 'the category for the article:"The bill would have let more parents bond with new children without fear of losing their jobs." is "politics", and the category for the article:"He\'s served as an adviser to Donald Trump on voter fraud and immigration issues." is "politics", and the category for the article:"“The speaker does not see anything that changes his view that the Senate should keep its focus on repeal and replace of Obamacare."" is "politics", and the category for the article:"Brown said recent wildfires should be a "wake-up call" for the entire state." is "politics", and the category for the article:"The bill would eliminate the sales tax on menstrual products, saving women an estimated $20 million annually." is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: He also said the bill should be called "The Voter Fraud Enhancement and Permission Act."', 'the category for the article:"His response came two days after Trump questioned whether Muslim sports heroes exist." is "sports", and the category for the article:"This is what to watch for over the next few days as Donald Trump becomes the 45th president of the United States." is "politics", and the category for the article:"“I know President Trump is trying to get out of the Paris agreement, but he doesn’t speak for the rest of America," said California Gov. Jerry Brown." is "politics", and the category for the article:"Several confirmation hearings are scheduled for this week, and the group says it wants the public to learn about the nominees." is "politics", and the category for the article:""President Trump’s newest travel ban is still a Muslim ban at its core," said the group\'s executive director." is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: The White House declined the sports channel\'s offer to air Trump selecting his picks for the NCAA Tournament.', 'the category for the article:"The bill would have let more parents bond with new children without fear of losing their jobs." is "politics", and the category for the article:"More than 100 women have come forward with stories of being harassed while working in politics in the state." is "politics", and the category for the article:""I don’t think anybody really thinks that somebody who spent his life performing surgeries on soldiers and children is cozying up to street gangs," the former president said." is "politics", and the category for the article:""President Trump’s newest travel ban is still a Muslim ban at its core," said the group\'s executive director." is "politics", and the category for the article:"Airbnb, Dropbox and Lyft are among those backing the legal challenge." is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: "I understand that I came across as condemning those who disagree with my political preferences."', 'the category for the article:"“I know President Trump is trying to get out of the Paris agreement, but he doesn’t speak for the rest of America," said California Gov. Jerry Brown." is "politics", and the category for the article:"This is what to watch for over the next few days as Donald Trump becomes the 45th president of the United States." is "politics", and the category for the article:""It’s time for Congress to start living in the real world -- where you either do your job -- or you don\'t get paid."" is "politics", and the category for the article:""Legislation should receive consideration under regular order, including hearings in\nhealth committees and input from the appropriate health-related parties," reads the letter." is "politics", and the category for the article:""We ask the Trump Administration to engage with us before embarking on any changes to regulatory and enforcement systems."" is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: "We urge you to\naffirm America’s values and tradition as a nation of immigrants," reads a letter to the president.', 'the category for the article:""President Trump’s newest travel ban is still a Muslim ban at its core," said the group\'s executive director." is "politics", and the category for the article:"Several confirmation hearings are scheduled for this week, and the group says it wants the public to learn about the nominees." is "politics", and the category for the article:"Trump says his boasts of sexual assault were just talk. These women say it happened to them." is "politics", and the category for the article:"The bill would have let more parents bond with new children without fear of losing their jobs." is "politics", and the category for the article:"More than 100 women have come forward with stories of being harassed while working in politics in the state." is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: A Trump rally attendee was caught on video taking swipes at several protesters.', 'the category for the article:""It’s time for Congress to start living in the real world -- where you either do your job -- or you don\'t get paid."" is "politics", and the category for the article:"The bill would have let more parents bond with new children without fear of losing their jobs." is "politics", and the category for the article:""If we\'re the party for the underdogs everywhere, we win," he said." is "politics", and the category for the article:"“In these stressful times for our country, this election must be about bringing our people together, not dividing us up,” Sanders said." is "politics", and the category for the article:"Ralph Reed and Tony Perkins say they don\'t care about Trump\'s latest controversy." is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: "That plays great before the election. Now, we don’t care, right?”', 'the category for the article:"The prepared text of her speech said Trump "will make America first again," but she didn\'t say it." is "politics", and the category for the article:"The bill would have let more parents bond with new children without fear of losing their jobs." is "politics", and the category for the article:"More than 100 women have come forward with stories of being harassed while working in politics in the state." is "politics", and the category for the article:""I don’t think anybody really thinks that somebody who spent his life performing surgeries on soldiers and children is cozying up to street gangs," the former president said." is "politics", and the category for the article:"Trump says his boasts of sexual assault were just talk. These women say it happened to them." is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: She devoted much of her life to championing causes including literacy and cancer research.', 'the category for the article:"More than 100 women have come forward with stories of being harassed while working in politics in the state." is "politics", and the category for the article:"Trump says his boasts of sexual assault were just talk. These women say it happened to them." is "politics", and the category for the article:""President Trump’s newest travel ban is still a Muslim ban at its core," said the group\'s executive director." is "politics", and the category for the article:"The bill would have let more parents bond with new children without fear of losing their jobs." is "politics", and the category for the article:"NFL players again stood in solidarity after President Donald Trump\'s call to fire players protesting racial injustice." is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: Police said 15 people were arrested after they allegedly blocked medics from responding to a call in the building.', 'the category for the article:"Things got heated when the Republican presidential candidate was pressed on his party\'s history of discrimination." is "politics", and the category for the article:"Trump says his boasts of sexual assault were just talk. These women say it happened to them." is "politics", and the category for the article:"The bill would have let more parents bond with new children without fear of losing their jobs." is "politics", and the category for the article:"“In these stressful times for our country, this election must be about bringing our people together, not dividing us up,” Sanders said." is "politics", and the category for the article:"This is what to watch for over the next few days as Donald Trump becomes the 45th president of the United States." is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: The third-party candidates were not impressed by the first presidential debate.', 'the category for the article:"More than 100 women have come forward with stories of being harassed while working in politics in the state." is "politics", and the category for the article:"The bill would have let more parents bond with new children without fear of losing their jobs." is "politics", and the category for the article:"His response came two days after Trump questioned whether Muslim sports heroes exist." is "sports", and the category for the article:"Trump says his boasts of sexual assault were just talk. These women say it happened to them." is "politics", and the category for the article:""President Trump’s newest travel ban is still a Muslim ban at its core," said the group\'s executive director." is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: His remarks came in an interview with NBC News\' Megyn Kelly.', 'the category for the article:"“I know President Trump is trying to get out of the Paris agreement, but he doesn’t speak for the rest of America," said California Gov. Jerry Brown." is "politics", and the category for the article:""It’s time for Congress to start living in the real world -- where you either do your job -- or you don\'t get paid."" is "politics", and the category for the article:"This is what to watch for over the next few days as Donald Trump becomes the 45th president of the United States." is "politics", and the category for the article:"Several confirmation hearings are scheduled for this week, and the group says it wants the public to learn about the nominees." is "politics", and the category for the article:"“The speaker does not see anything that changes his view that the Senate should keep its focus on repeal and replace of Obamacare."" is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: The president also told the crowd to "Get out and vote for Roy Moore" for Senate.', 'the category for the article:"Gov. Jerry Brown signed the California Fair Pay Act into law Tuesday." is "politics", and the category for the article:"“I know President Trump is trying to get out of the Paris agreement, but he doesn’t speak for the rest of America," said California Gov. Jerry Brown." is "politics", and the category for the article:"“We will not stand by and let the federal government use our state and local agencies to separate mothers from their children.”" is "politics", and the category for the article:"The bill would have let more parents bond with new children without fear of losing their jobs." is "politics", and the category for the article:""We ask the Trump Administration to engage with us before embarking on any changes to regulatory and enforcement systems."" is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: A bill signed by Gov. Jerry Brown will limit cooperation between local law enforcement and federal immigration officials.', 'the category for the article:"The bill would have let more parents bond with new children without fear of losing their jobs." is "politics", and the category for the article:""President Trump’s newest travel ban is still a Muslim ban at its core," said the group\'s executive director." is "politics", and the category for the article:""I don’t think anybody really thinks that somebody who spent his life performing surgeries on soldiers and children is cozying up to street gangs," the former president said." is "politics", and the category for the article:"Trump says his boasts of sexual assault were just talk. These women say it happened to them." is "politics", and the category for the article:"More than 100 women have come forward with stories of being harassed while working in politics in the state." is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: Six-figure ad buy targets Republican who accused the pope of acting "like a leftist politician."', 'the category for the article:"The president has dismissed his ties to Paul Manafort and Carter Page. So why is he supporting the national security adviser he fired?" is "politics", and the category for the article:"The bill would have let more parents bond with new children without fear of losing their jobs." is "politics", and the category for the article:""President Trump’s newest travel ban is still a Muslim ban at its core," said the group\'s executive director." is "politics", and the category for the article:"California\'s state Senate voted\xa031-2 Tuesday to ban the names of Confederate leaders from public buildings.\xa0 SB 539, which" is "politics", and the category for the article:"The Trump administration’s decision is a step back to "the outdated, dirty and destructive energy policies of the past."" is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: Ezra Cohen-Watnick\'s ouster continues National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster\'s purge of nationalistic viewpoints from the NSC.', 'the category for the article:"California\'s state Senate voted\xa031-2 Tuesday to ban the names of Confederate leaders from public buildings.\xa0 SB 539, which" is "politics", and the category for the article:"The bill would have let more parents bond with new children without fear of losing their jobs." is "politics", and the category for the article:"“The speaker does not see anything that changes his view that the Senate should keep its focus on repeal and replace of Obamacare."" is "politics", and the category for the article:"More than 100 women have come forward with stories of being harassed while working in politics in the state." is "politics", and the category for the article:""President Trump’s newest travel ban is still a Muslim ban at its core," said the group\'s executive director." is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: Both the House and Senate have voted to overturn the privacy rules.', 'the category for the article:"The Human Rights Campaign is calling on tech leaders to support the Justice Department\'s case against HB2." is "politics", and the category for the article:"The Trump administration’s decision is a step back to "the outdated, dirty and destructive energy policies of the past."" is "politics", and the category for the article:"The state\'s Supreme Court says the public has a right to access all communications about government business." is "politics", and the category for the article:"More than 100 women have come forward with stories of being harassed while working in politics in the state." is "politics", and the category for the article:"This is what to watch for over the next few days as Donald Trump becomes the 45th president of the United States." is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: A petition calling on business leaders to back out of the forum has drawn over 115,000 signatures.', 'the category for the article:""It’s time for Congress to start living in the real world -- where you either do your job -- or you don\'t get paid."" is "politics", and the category for the article:"The bill would eliminate the sales tax on menstrual products, saving women an estimated $20 million annually." is "politics", and the category for the article:"The bill would have let more parents bond with new children without fear of losing their jobs." is "politics", and the category for the article:"More than 100 women have come forward with stories of being harassed while working in politics in the state." is "politics", and the category for the article:""President Trump’s newest travel ban is still a Muslim ban at its core," said the group\'s executive director." is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: The Clintons paid nearly $44 million in taxes from 2007 to 2014.', 'the category for the article:"The bill would have let more parents bond with new children without fear of losing their jobs." is "politics", and the category for the article:"More than 100 women have come forward with stories of being harassed while working in politics in the state." is "politics", and the category for the article:""It’s time for Congress to start living in the real world -- where you either do your job -- or you don\'t get paid."" is "politics", and the category for the article:"The economic adviser appears to have fallen out of favor with Trump since criticizing the president\'s Charlottesville responses." is "politics", and the category for the article:"“I know President Trump is trying to get out of the Paris agreement, but he doesn’t speak for the rest of America," said California Gov. Jerry Brown." is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: The vast majority of the president\'s sit-down interviews have been with Fox, where he has found a sympathetic audience.', 'the category for the article:"The bill would have let more parents bond with new children without fear of losing their jobs." is "politics", and the category for the article:"The bill would eliminate the sales tax on menstrual products, saving women an estimated $20 million annually." is "politics", and the category for the article:""President Trump’s newest travel ban is still a Muslim ban at its core," said the group\'s executive director." is "politics", and the category for the article:"“I know President Trump is trying to get out of the Paris agreement, but he doesn’t speak for the rest of America," said California Gov. Jerry Brown." is "politics", and the category for the article:"Trump says his boasts of sexual assault were just talk. These women say it happened to them." is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: Brown said the bill would expose drone users to "burdensome litigation."', 'the category for the article:"The prepared text of her speech said Trump "will make America first again," but she didn\'t say it." is "politics", and the category for the article:"More than 100 women have come forward with stories of being harassed while working in politics in the state." is "politics", and the category for the article:"This is the way it works, even if you’re a lawyer known for representing victims of sexual harassment." is "politics", and the category for the article:"Several confirmation hearings are scheduled for this week, and the group says it wants the public to learn about the nominees." is "politics", and the category for the article:"Apparently women aren\'t a part of the network\'s "new war" on digital media." is "women".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: Trump says his boasts of sexual assault were just talk. These women say it happened to them.', 'the category for the article:"White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders has also attacked Jemele Hill." is "politics", and the category for the article:"“In these stressful times for our country, this election must be about bringing our people together, not dividing us up,” Sanders said." is "politics", and the category for the article:"The bill would have let more parents bond with new children without fear of losing their jobs." is "politics", and the category for the article:""President Trump’s newest travel ban is still a Muslim ban at its core," said the group\'s executive director." is "politics", and the category for the article:"Trump says his boasts of sexual assault were just talk. These women say it happened to them." is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: "I\'ll try to look under the couches," Sarah Huckabee Sanders said.', 'the category for the article:""It’s time for Congress to start living in the real world -- where you either do your job -- or you don\'t get paid."" is "politics", and the category for the article:""President Trump’s newest travel ban is still a Muslim ban at its core," said the group\'s executive director." is "politics", and the category for the article:""The dismissal of Director Comey demands a clear and compelling explanation."" is "politics", and the category for the article:""The way I see it, it\'s our job to make sure he ends this campaign every bit the loser he started it."" is "politics", and the category for the article:"This is the way it works, even if you’re a lawyer known for representing victims of sexual harassment." is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: “I hope you can see your way clear to letting this go," the president reportedly told the FBI director in February.', 'the category for the article:"More than 100 women have come forward with stories of being harassed while working in politics in the state." is "politics", and the category for the article:"Trump says his boasts of sexual assault were just talk. These women say it happened to them." is "politics", and the category for the article:"The bill would have let more parents bond with new children without fear of losing their jobs." is "politics", and the category for the article:""If we\'re the party for the underdogs everywhere, we win," he said." is "politics", and the category for the article:""We should never think that this is something that just happens in the ordinary course of events."" is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: "We sincerely regret that politics were inserted into the Scouting program," he wrote.', 'the category for the article:"The bill would have let more parents bond with new children without fear of losing their jobs." is "politics", and the category for the article:"The former George W. Bush official is a proponent for broad use of executive power. But Trump, he says, is crossing the line." is "politics", and the category for the article:""I don’t think anybody really thinks that somebody who spent his life performing surgeries on soldiers and children is cozying up to street gangs," the former president said." is "politics", and the category for the article:""President Trump’s newest travel ban is still a Muslim ban at its core," said the group\'s executive director." is "politics", and the category for the article:"This is what to watch for over the next few days as Donald Trump becomes the 45th president of the United States." is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin spent a large portion of an official trip sightseeing.', 'the category for the article:"“In these stressful times for our country, this election must be about bringing our people together, not dividing us up,” Sanders said." is "politics", and the category for the article:"Trump says his boasts of sexual assault were just talk. These women say it happened to them." is "politics", and the category for the article:"The bill would have let more parents bond with new children without fear of losing their jobs." is "politics", and the category for the article:""President Trump’s newest travel ban is still a Muslim ban at its core," said the group\'s executive director." is "politics", and the category for the article:"This is what to watch for over the next few days as Donald Trump becomes the 45th president of the United States." is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: There\'s nothing like an outrageous Trump comment to bring everyone together.', 'the category for the article:"This is what to watch for over the next few days as Donald Trump becomes the 45th president of the United States." is "politics", and the category for the article:"Dan Donovan\'s district is home to one of New York City\'s largest Syrian communities." is "politics", and the category for the article:"The former George W. Bush official is a proponent for broad use of executive power. But Trump, he says, is crossing the line." is "politics", and the category for the article:"The bill would have let more parents bond with new children without fear of losing their jobs." is "politics", and the category for the article:"The fashion magazine is the latest in a string of publications to take a stand against Donald Trump." is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: The former New York City mayor is one of Donald Trump\'s most prominent surrogates.', 'the category for the article:"More than 100 women have come forward with stories of being harassed while working in politics in the state." is "politics", and the category for the article:"The bill would have let more parents bond with new children without fear of losing their jobs." is "politics", and the category for the article:"Trump says his boasts of sexual assault were just talk. These women say it happened to them." is "politics", and the category for the article:""He reacted like most people do when attacked by an unknown object," said an aide to the former NBA star." is "politics", and the category for the article:"Investigators are reportedly scrutinizing whether the company misled investors about the risks of climate change." is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: The former CEO of the underwear company was accused of fondling an employee\'s breasts and fostering a hostile work environment.', 'the category for the article:""The way I see it, it\'s our job to make sure he ends this campaign every bit the loser he started it."" is "politics", and the category for the article:"Trump says his boasts of sexual assault were just talk. These women say it happened to them." is "politics", and the category for the article:""If you had been caught smoking marijuana and had it on your record, would you be the governor of Ohio right now?"" is "politics", and the category for the article:""He got me so cranked up that I was about to take my tie off," said the former vice president." is "politics", and the category for the article:"Several confirmation hearings are scheduled for this week, and the group says it wants the public to learn about the nominees." is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: “It was so perfunctory, brief and banal I had forgotten it," he said.', 'the category for the article:"The former New York City mayor is one of Donald Trump\'s most prominent surrogates." is "politics", and the category for the article:"The bill would have let more parents bond with new children without fear of losing their jobs." is "politics", and the category for the article:"A new coalition of city leaders is dedicated to fighting discriminatory policies in North Carolina and Mississippi." is "politics", and the category for the article:"Apparently women aren\'t a part of the network\'s "new war" on digital media." is "women", and the category for the article:""President Trump’s newest travel ban is still a Muslim ban at its core," said the group\'s executive director." is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: Dan Donovan\'s district is home to one of New York City\'s largest Syrian communities.', 'the category for the article:"The change comes after the social network was accused of suppressing conservative viewpoints." is "science & technology", and the category for the article:"Apparently women aren\'t a part of the network\'s "new war" on digital media." is "women", and the category for the article:"A petition calling on business leaders to back out of the forum has drawn over 115,000 signatures." is "politics", and the category for the article:"More than 100 women have come forward with stories of being harassed while working in politics in the state." is "politics", and the category for the article:"The bill would have let more parents bond with new children without fear of losing their jobs." is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: The social media behemoth has been accused of suppressing conservative viewpoints.', 'the category for the article:"The state\'s Supreme Court says the public has a right to access all communications about government business." is "politics", and the category for the article:"The California attorney general and Senate hopeful questioned Trump\'s ability to carry out the duties of the presidency." is "politics", and the category for the article:"This is what to watch for over the next few days as Donald Trump becomes the 45th president of the United States." is "politics", and the category for the article:"More than 100 women have come forward with stories of being harassed while working in politics in the state." is "politics", and the category for the article:"The claim contradicts what the attorney general has said about their conversations." is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: The state attorney general has five days to file an emergency appeal challenging the ruling.', 'the category for the article:""It\'s time to stop allowing utilities to push the burden of their negligence onto the backs of customers."" is "politics", and the category for the article:"The bill would have let more parents bond with new children without fear of losing their jobs." is "politics", and the category for the article:"“I know President Trump is trying to get out of the Paris agreement, but he doesn’t speak for the rest of America," said California Gov. Jerry Brown." is "politics", and the category for the article:"This is what to watch for over the next few days as Donald Trump becomes the 45th president of the United States." is "politics", and the category for the article:"The Secret Service and local police departments get more taxpayer dollars to keep up with the Trumps." is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: Pharmaceutical companies poured tens of millions of dollars into the campaign to stop Proposition 61.', 'the category for the article:""President Trump’s newest travel ban is still a Muslim ban at its core," said the group\'s executive director." is "politics", and the category for the article:""I don’t think anybody really thinks that somebody who spent his life performing surgeries on soldiers and children is cozying up to street gangs," the former president said." is "politics", and the category for the article:"The bill would have let more parents bond with new children without fear of losing their jobs." is "politics", and the category for the article:"This is what to watch for over the next few days as Donald Trump becomes the 45th president of the United States." is "politics", and the category for the article:""When has he spoken about compassion?" the former Mexican president said. "When has he spoken about the poor?"" is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: Life under constant scrutiny "has gotten pretty old," said the president.', 'the category for the article:"“The speaker does not see anything that changes his view that the Senate should keep its focus on repeal and replace of Obamacare."" is "politics", and the category for the article:"Trump "makes death threats because he\'s a pathetic coward who can’t handle the fact that he’s losing to a girl," Warren tweeted." is "politics", and the category for the article:"The bill would have let more parents bond with new children without fear of losing their jobs." is "politics", and the category for the article:"The bill would eliminate the sales tax on menstrual products, saving women an estimated $20 million annually." is "politics", and the category for the article:"This is what to watch for over the next few days as Donald Trump becomes the 45th president of the United States." is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: Death threats target Assembly Speaker Anthony Rendon after he pulled the bill over funding and other concerns.', 'the category for the article:"Citing Trump\'s hold on the GOP, the Arizona senator said Tuesday that he won\'t run for re-election next year." is "politics", and the category for the article:"“In these stressful times for our country, this election must be about bringing our people together, not dividing us up,” Sanders said." is "politics", and the category for the article:"The bill would have let more parents bond with new children without fear of losing their jobs." is "politics", and the category for the article:""If we\'re the party for the underdogs everywhere, we win," he said." is "politics", and the category for the article:"The California attorney general and Senate hopeful questioned Trump\'s ability to carry out the duties of the presidency." is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: The senator believes her former rival could actually help Democrats win the general election.', 'the category for the article:"The Trump administration’s decision is a step back to "the outdated, dirty and destructive energy policies of the past."" is "politics", and the category for the article:""If we\'re the party for the underdogs everywhere, we win," he said." is "politics", and the category for the article:"The bill would have let more parents bond with new children without fear of losing their jobs." is "politics", and the category for the article:""President Trump’s newest travel ban is still a Muslim ban at its core," said the group\'s executive director." is "politics", and the category for the article:"More than 100 women have come forward with stories of being harassed while working in politics in the state." is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: The Democratic party was "too cautious" in the past, he said.', 'the category for the article:"“In these stressful times for our country, this election must be about bringing our people together, not dividing us up,” Sanders said." is "politics", and the category for the article:"The bill would have let more parents bond with new children without fear of losing their jobs." is "politics", and the category for the article:""We should never think that this is something that just happens in the ordinary course of events."" is "politics", and the category for the article:"Trump "makes death threats because he\'s a pathetic coward who can’t handle the fact that he’s losing to a girl," Warren tweeted." is "politics", and the category for the article:""It’s time for Congress to start living in the real world -- where you either do your job -- or you don\'t get paid."" is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: "I greatly appreciate the fact that we’ve been able to cut our payroll."', 'the category for the article:"The Human Rights Campaign is calling on tech leaders to support the Justice Department\'s case against HB2." is "politics", and the category for the article:"A new coalition of city leaders is dedicated to fighting discriminatory policies in North Carolina and Mississippi." is "politics", and the category for the article:"“In these stressful times for our country, this election must be about bringing our people together, not dividing us up,” Sanders said." is "politics", and the category for the article:"A settlement restoring voting rights to ex-offenders comes just two days before the anniversary of the Voting Rights Act." is "politics", and the category for the article:"The bill would have let more parents bond with new children without fear of losing their jobs." is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: The Human Rights Campaign is bringing in a legal heavyweight to fight North Carolina\'s HB 2.', 'the category for the article:""I don’t think anybody really thinks that somebody who spent his life performing surgeries on soldiers and children is cozying up to street gangs," the former president said." is "politics", and the category for the article:"“I know President Trump is trying to get out of the Paris agreement, but he doesn’t speak for the rest of America," said California Gov. Jerry Brown." is "politics", and the category for the article:"The bill would have let more parents bond with new children without fear of losing their jobs." is "politics", and the category for the article:"He previously argued having women serve alongside men in the military increased the likelihood of assault." is "politics", and the category for the article:"The prepared text of her speech said Trump "will make America first again," but she didn\'t say it." is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: An adviser for the retired neurosurgeon previously said Carson didn\'t think he was qualified for a cabinet post.', 'the category for the article:"The former Goldman Sachs executive has served as Trump\'s chief economic adviser since the president\'s inauguration." is "politics", and the category for the article:"“I know President Trump is trying to get out of the Paris agreement, but he doesn’t speak for the rest of America," said California Gov. Jerry Brown." is "politics", and the category for the article:"The bill would have let more parents bond with new children without fear of losing their jobs." is "politics", and the category for the article:""President Trump’s newest travel ban is still a Muslim ban at its core," said the group\'s executive director." is "politics", and the category for the article:"This is what to watch for over the next few days as Donald Trump becomes the 45th president of the United States." is "politics".Which category does this article relate to among the following categories? Just answer with the category name without further explanation. categories: [women, religion, politics, style & beauty, entertainment, culture & arts, sports, science & technology, travel, business, crime, education, healthy living, parents, food & drink] article: The economic adviser appears to have fallen out of favor with Trump since criticizing the president\'s Charlottesville responses.']