['"Stop Bullying: Teach Your Child Empathy and Limit Their Intake of Violence" is the title for "Your child has been known to bully. You, as a parent, may be struggling with how to stop this behavior. I have two suggestions that go hand-in-hand: Teach empathy and try to eliminate the violence that they take in on a daily basis through videos, the Internet, movies and games.".Generate a headline for the following article: Here are a few tips to keep your teen safe when using the Internet and other web-based technologies. If you think it\'s an awkward conversation; you can hand them this blog to read.', '"Stop Bullying: Teach Your Child Empathy and Limit Their Intake of Violence" is the title for "Your child has been known to bully. You, as a parent, may be struggling with how to stop this behavior. I have two suggestions that go hand-in-hand: Teach empathy and try to eliminate the violence that they take in on a daily basis through videos, the Internet, movies and games.".Generate a headline for the following article: The New York Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children (NYSPCC), the first child protection agency in the world, wants all children to have a safe and happy summer. Here are our tips for keeping children safe.', '"Stop Bullying: Teach Your Child Empathy and Limit Their Intake of Violence" is the title for "Your child has been known to bully. You, as a parent, may be struggling with how to stop this behavior. I have two suggestions that go hand-in-hand: Teach empathy and try to eliminate the violence that they take in on a daily basis through videos, the Internet, movies and games.".Generate a headline for the following article: Parents need to be sure their children have the skills and maturity to handle being alone safely, as well as be aware of the laws in their state regarding this issue. Being trusted to stay home alone can be a positive experience for a child who is mature and well-prepared.', '"Why You Should Save for College" is the title for "Encourage your children to go to college. If you can, save a little -- or a lot -- to help them with the financial burden that being a student brings. Make sure they know that you value a college degree from early on.".Generate a headline for the following article: There is no right way to raise your children. There is no hard and fast rule about what will work in your home, with your particular family, your child\'s unique personality, the circumstances you are in, the luck or challenges that come your way.', '"Saying Farewell To Our Family Home After 24 Years" is the title for "I know this place. For 24 years we\'ve lived here. I arrived, not quite\xa030-years-old with my\xa0one-year-old baby girl in my arms. I had fought moving to the suburbs for two years, but my husband was right -- it was a wonderful place to raise a family. So that\'s what we did. Now we\'re leaving.".Generate a headline for the following article: So many books, so few hours at the beach! Get your summer reading on with these 10 great novels that will take you near and far, from the present to the past. Don\'t forget the sunscreen!', '"Woman Claims She Had Miscarriage After Cop Used Stun Gun Against Her" is the title for "The lawsuit targets three officers\' alleged wrongdoing, as well as the city of Chicago\'s broader practice of "concealing and/or suppressing officer misconduct."".Generate a headline for the following article: "Flint was a casualty of arrogance, disdain and a failure of management," Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette said.', '"How Activists Destroyed Bill O’Reilly’s Reputation With Advertisers" is the title for "More than 70 companies have pulled out of "The O\'Reilly Factor," thanks in part to an onslaught of tweets masterminded by part-time activists.".Generate a headline for the following article: About 20 Michigan employees have taken their case to the National Labor Review Board.', '"How Activists Destroyed Bill O’Reilly’s Reputation With Advertisers" is the title for "More than 70 companies have pulled out of "The O\'Reilly Factor," thanks in part to an onslaught of tweets masterminded by part-time activists.".Generate a headline for the following article: A bill that would decriminalize marijuana growing has cleared the lower house of Parliament.', '"How Activists Destroyed Bill O’Reilly’s Reputation With Advertisers" is the title for "More than 70 companies have pulled out of "The O\'Reilly Factor," thanks in part to an onslaught of tweets masterminded by part-time activists.".Generate a headline for the following article: Since then, the airline has stumbled through not one, but two, public relations disasters.', '"Donald Trump Calls Portland Hate Attack \'Unacceptable\'" is the title for "His tweet comes more than two days after the act of anti-Muslim violence that claimed two lives.".Generate a headline for the following article: State rep allegedly wanted to distract from affair with fake story about gay sex.', '"Donald Trump Calls Portland Hate Attack \'Unacceptable\'" is the title for "His tweet comes more than two days after the act of anti-Muslim violence that claimed two lives.".Generate a headline for the following article: The agents were “conducting a targeted enforcement action,” an immigration official said.', '"How Activists Destroyed Bill O’Reilly’s Reputation With Advertisers" is the title for "More than 70 companies have pulled out of "The O\'Reilly Factor," thanks in part to an onslaught of tweets masterminded by part-time activists.".Generate a headline for the following article: It\'s a key economic issue, but good luck hearing about it at a debate.', '"How Activists Destroyed Bill O’Reilly’s Reputation With Advertisers" is the title for "More than 70 companies have pulled out of "The O\'Reilly Factor," thanks in part to an onslaught of tweets masterminded by part-time activists.".Generate a headline for the following article: Despite large swaths of vacant land, many buildings are being developed, and the city\'s downtown is full of renovated historic', '"How Activists Destroyed Bill O’Reilly’s Reputation With Advertisers" is the title for "More than 70 companies have pulled out of "The O\'Reilly Factor," thanks in part to an onslaught of tweets masterminded by part-time activists.".Generate a headline for the following article: The organization said the decision to ban trips to the United States stems from a commitment to inclusivity and diversity.', '"How Activists Destroyed Bill O’Reilly’s Reputation With Advertisers" is the title for "More than 70 companies have pulled out of "The O\'Reilly Factor," thanks in part to an onslaught of tweets masterminded by part-time activists.".Generate a headline for the following article: Critics worry Donald Trump\'s pick for education secretary would let public schools crumble and charter schools run free.', '"How Activists Destroyed Bill O’Reilly’s Reputation With Advertisers" is the title for "More than 70 companies have pulled out of "The O\'Reilly Factor," thanks in part to an onslaught of tweets masterminded by part-time activists.".Generate a headline for the following article: Trump\'s pick for Department of Education head faces questions about her experience at a confirmation hearing Tuesday.', '"Eminem\'s Childhood Home In Detroit Burns After Woman Tried To Purchase It" is the title for "The house will look familiar to fans of the Detroit MC. It appears on the cover of Eminem\'s 2000 release "The Marshall Mathers".Generate a headline for the following article: Fans of Eminem will recognize the building from the cover of 2000\'s "Marshall Mathers LP." The rapper, who used to live at', '"Here\'s The Only Proof You Need That Renting In NYC Is Absurd" is the title for "See more of the Van Dusen mansion below. When it comes to cost of living, there might not be two cities that better show".Generate a headline for the following article: If you want the best English pale ale, go to England. If you want a perfect glass of sake, go to Japan. And if you want a mouthwatering pint of any other kind of beer, your best bet might be the Midwest.', '"Now You Can Eat A 10-Course Meal Designed To Pair Exclusively With Radiohead\'s \'Kid-A\'" is the title for "Finally, we have the answer to a burning question for Radiohead fans: What should I eat while listening to "Kid A"?".Generate a headline for the following article: "I wanted to make sort of an ugly portrait of an ugly guy."', '"Keith Ellison Says It’s Time For Democrats To Stop Ignoring Their Voters" is the title for "The Minnesota congressman says the DNC is in need of serious repair -- and he’s the one to fix it.".Generate a headline for the following article: “Our water is not safe until all of the lead in all of our plumbing is gone,” said the pediatrician who sounded the alarm.', '"How Activists Destroyed Bill O’Reilly’s Reputation With Advertisers" is the title for "More than 70 companies have pulled out of "The O\'Reilly Factor," thanks in part to an onslaught of tweets masterminded by part-time activists.".Generate a headline for the following article: They accused the magazine of pandering despite a former writer accusing Trump of sexual assault.', '"How Activists Destroyed Bill O’Reilly’s Reputation With Advertisers" is the title for "More than 70 companies have pulled out of "The O\'Reilly Factor," thanks in part to an onslaught of tweets masterminded by part-time activists.".Generate a headline for the following article: The secretary of education has been criticized for "whitewashing" the history of historically black universities.', '"How Activists Destroyed Bill O’Reilly’s Reputation With Advertisers" is the title for "More than 70 companies have pulled out of "The O\'Reilly Factor," thanks in part to an onslaught of tweets masterminded by part-time activists.".Generate a headline for the following article: "Without them, we probably would be dead right now," Destinee Mangum said.', '"Renters Are Mostly Screwed, But Here’s One City That’s Actually Affordable" is the title for "Why you should ditch your unaffordable apartment and move to Des Moines.".Generate a headline for the following article: Move from Brooklyn to Detroit for the cheap rent: get applause. Spend years building your hometown’s arts community: get ignored.', '"Time-Lapse Photos Show How The Twin Towers Defined New York City" is the title for "Camilo José Vergara\'s photographs, spanning 46 years, are on display this fall for the 15th anniversary of the Sept. 11 attacks.".Generate a headline for the following article: Photographer Camilo José Vergara has documented murals celebrating the first black president in cities around the country.', '"How Activists Destroyed Bill O’Reilly’s Reputation With Advertisers" is the title for "More than 70 companies have pulled out of "The O\'Reilly Factor," thanks in part to an onslaught of tweets masterminded by part-time activists.".Generate a headline for the following article: “A once thriving city will turn into a hollowed out museum,” attorney Kate Downing wrote.', '"How Activists Destroyed Bill O’Reilly’s Reputation With Advertisers" is the title for "More than 70 companies have pulled out of "The O\'Reilly Factor," thanks in part to an onslaught of tweets masterminded by part-time activists.".Generate a headline for the following article: The U.S. has the world\'s highest rate of childhood obesity, according to a new study.', '"Here’s How The World Can Adapt To The Rapid Rise Of Cities" is the title for "More than half of the people on the planet live in cities -- so it\'s more important than ever for countries to make a plan for sustainable growth.".Generate a headline for the following article: Before it starts building airships, it\'s fighting just to get U.S. drone delivery off the ground.', '"Senate Confirms Lloyd Austin To Be The First Black Defense Secretary" is the title for "President Biden made history by nominating Austin. But picking a retired general also threatens the bedrock democratic principle of civilian control of the military.".Generate a headline for the following article: His nominees to run the Army and Navy backed out over ethics regulations. Now, his Air Force choice faces controversy.', '"Donald Trump Is Exploiting LGBT People To Perpetuate Islamophobia" is the title for "Trump is fond of a lie about Muslim-majority countries that\'s already been linked to an Islamophobic killing.".Generate a headline for the following article: Regular citizens, reporters and rights groups adapted to get the truth out about China\'s treatment of Uighur Muslims.', '"Trump Boasted About Helping 1 American Return From Egypt. He\'s Ignoring The Rest." is the title for ""Trump is spending his weekends golfing in Bedminster, N.J., while Ahmed will spend his 18th birthday in jail," one lawyer said.".Generate a headline for the following article: Trump boasted of his role in the release of another U.S. prisoner in Egypt. He\'ll meet the Egyptian president again on Sunday.', '"Pentagon To Senate: We Can\'t Know If U.S. Fuel Helps Saudi Arabia Kill Civilians In Yemen" is the title for "A private Defense Department document shared with HuffPost absolves the U.S. of responsibility for airstrikes the U.N. says have killed thousands.".Generate a headline for the following article: U.S. officials forced up to 60 people to surrender their legal status, according to a suit CrowdJustice is supporting.', '"Trump Boasted About Helping 1 American Return From Egypt. He\'s Ignoring The Rest." is the title for ""Trump is spending his weekends golfing in Bedminster, N.J., while Ahmed will spend his 18th birthday in jail," one lawyer said.".Generate a headline for the following article: "On what planet can trump be a president??" Yousef Al Otaiba wrote in an email on election night.', '"U.S.-Backed Airstrikes Are Killing People In Yemen. This Is Their Impact." is the title for "President Donald Trump has resisted bipartisan efforts to end the American role in the war, which has claimed tens of thousands of lives. President-elect Joe Biden says he will change course.".Generate a headline for the following article: The anti-ISIS strategy designed by the Obama administration secured big wins under President Donald Trump. Now it\'s about to backfire.', '"Donald Trump Is Turning An Independent Taxpayer-Funded News Network Into Political Propaganda" is the title for "Even Republicans criticize Trump\'s hand-picked boss for agencies such as the Voice of America, whom the president unexpectedly pushed through this spring ahead of the election.".Generate a headline for the following article: President Biden made history by nominating Austin. But picking a retired general also threatens the bedrock democratic principle of civilian control of the military.', '"Lawmakers Seek Trump\'s Intervention For 17-Year-Old American Jailed In Egypt" is the title for "Trump boasted of his role in the release of another U.S. prisoner in Egypt. He\'ll meet the Egyptian president again on Sunday.".Generate a headline for the following article: The vice president stops in Cairo this week. Advocates for two detainees have reached out to the National Security Council 11 times this year without a response.', '"UAE Faces Growing Scrutiny For Role In Bloody U.S.-Backed Campaign In Yemen" is the title for "The country has kept a low profile as Saudi Arabia, the leader of the coalition, faces loud accusations of war crimes. But it bears major responsibility for Yemen\'s unprecedented pain, a new report argues.".Generate a headline for the following article: Attacked by their government for months, Kurds in Turkey are desperate for U.S. support.', '"Trump Boasted About Helping 1 American Return From Egypt. He\'s Ignoring The Rest." is the title for ""Trump is spending his weekends golfing in Bedminster, N.J., while Ahmed will spend his 18th birthday in jail," one lawyer said.".Generate a headline for the following article: “Our immigration policy shouldn’t amount to a death sentence for anyone," the ACLU says.', '"UAE Faces Growing Scrutiny For Role In Bloody U.S.-Backed Campaign In Yemen" is the title for "The country has kept a low profile as Saudi Arabia, the leader of the coalition, faces loud accusations of war crimes. But it bears major responsibility for Yemen\'s unprecedented pain, a new report argues.".Generate a headline for the following article: From the U.S. to Russia, Saudi Arabia to Iran, the desire for Chinese cash unites the international community and leaves the Uighurs\' prospects looking bleak.', '"Syria\'s White Helmets Court Bernie Sanders And Other New Friends" is the title for "Progressive lawmakers want to show that it\'s possible to be anti-intervention without buying conspiracy theories and ignoring the war\'s brutality.".Generate a headline for the following article: True critics of discrimination don\'t suggest it would be OK if only it were aimed at more people.', '"Years Of U.S. Government Lies Could Soon Result In A Kurdish Massacre" is the title for "The anti-ISIS strategy designed by the Obama administration secured big wins under President Donald Trump. Now it\'s about to backfire.".Generate a headline for the following article: That a standard statement on human rights now inspires drastic Saudi actions and troll attacks evoking 9/11 shows authoritarians are bolder and diplomacy is harder.', '"Here\'s Who Still Supports Bashar Assad" is the title for "U.S. fans from Tulsi Gabbard to David Duke stand their ground after Trump\'s airstrikes.".Generate a headline for the following article: Top officials Steve Mnuchin and Mick Mulvaney are among those attacking Carmen Yulín Cruz.', '"Donald Trump Is Turning An Independent Taxpayer-Funded News Network Into Political Propaganda" is the title for "Even Republicans criticize Trump\'s hand-picked boss for agencies such as the Voice of America, whom the president unexpectedly pushed through this spring ahead of the election.".Generate a headline for the following article: He thinks the president has reflected since Charlottesville -- a period in which Trump has  attacked NFL players and Puerto Rican officials.', '"GOP Senator Long Critical Of Yemen War Now Helping Trump Block Debate On It" is the title for "Sen. Todd Young (R-Ind.) and Sen. Jeanne Shaheen (D-N.H.) crafted an alternative bill they call pragmatic. Peace groups believe it threatens confrontation with Iran.".Generate a headline for the following article: Rep. Ted Lieu (D-Calif.) thinks it\'s silly to simultaneously call for an end to Saudi-led bombing and enable it to continue.', '"Joe Biden Approves $800 Million In New Military Aid For Ukraine" is the title for "As Russia prepares a major offensive in eastern Ukraine, the government in Kyiv says it needs more support from international partners in its efforts to resist.".Generate a headline for the following article: Faced with a Russian attempt to redraw borders in Europe, the U.S. is preparing sanctions and European allies are signaling solidarity with the government in Kiev.', '"UAE Faces Growing Scrutiny For Role In Bloody U.S.-Backed Campaign In Yemen" is the title for "The country has kept a low profile as Saudi Arabia, the leader of the coalition, faces loud accusations of war crimes. But it bears major responsibility for Yemen\'s unprecedented pain, a new report argues.".Generate a headline for the following article: While the violent authoritarianism of Egypt\'s president has complicated relations with Western allies, President Trump has developed a close bond with him.', '"GOP Senator Long Critical Of Yemen War Now Helping Trump Block Debate On It" is the title for "Sen. Todd Young (R-Ind.) and Sen. Jeanne Shaheen (D-N.H.) crafted an alternative bill they call pragmatic. Peace groups believe it threatens confrontation with Iran.".Generate a headline for the following article: With a House vote this week, a diverse group -- including Mark Ruffalo, Alice Walker, Laurence Tribe and FreedomWorks -- is getting involved.', '"Years Of U.S. Government Lies Could Soon Result In A Kurdish Massacre" is the title for "The anti-ISIS strategy designed by the Obama administration secured big wins under President Donald Trump. Now it\'s about to backfire.".Generate a headline for the following article: Empowering Afghan women is a great cause, but Bush could be harming it.', '"GOP Rival Says Tammy Baldwin Is On ‘Team Terrorists’ For Her Silence On Trump CIA Pick" is the title for "The Democratic senator "would rather give ... terrorists hugs and safe spaces than take adequate action to protect America," state Sen. Leah Vukmir (Wis.) said.".Generate a headline for the following article: Sen. Todd Young (R-Ind.) and Sen. Jeanne Shaheen (D-N.H.) crafted an alternative bill they call pragmatic. Peace groups believe it threatens confrontation with Iran.', '"National Security Veterans Worry Trump Transcript Leaks May Have Nasty Impact" is the title for "Some say it\'ll perturb allies and make the president even more secretive. But the striking content leads other commentators to support the revelations.".Generate a headline for the following article: The president’s family denies knowing anything about the scheme, but a HuffPost investigation reveals close ties.', '"Lawmakers Seek Trump\'s Intervention For 17-Year-Old American Jailed In Egypt" is the title for "Trump boasted of his role in the release of another U.S. prisoner in Egypt. He\'ll meet the Egyptian president again on Sunday.".Generate a headline for the following article: He lied about a refugee role in the Paris attacks and confused U.S. and European screening standards.', '"GOP Rival Says Tammy Baldwin Is On ‘Team Terrorists’ For Her Silence On Trump CIA Pick" is the title for "The Democratic senator "would rather give ... terrorists hugs and safe spaces than take adequate action to protect America," state Sen. Leah Vukmir (Wis.) said.".Generate a headline for the following article: Advocates for Ahmed Etiwy said the White House had never made the case a priority despite President Donald Trump\'s "America First" policy.', '"GOP Rival Says Tammy Baldwin Is On ‘Team Terrorists’ For Her Silence On Trump CIA Pick" is the title for "The Democratic senator "would rather give ... terrorists hugs and safe spaces than take adequate action to protect America," state Sen. Leah Vukmir (Wis.) said.".Generate a headline for the following article: "I\'m full of hope and optimism and joy and very proud today to be a Saudi woman," one student told HuffPost.', '"New Poll Underscores Frailty Of U.S. Relationship With Saudi Arabia" is the title for "President-elect Donald Trump has encouraged rising anti-Saudi sentiment as part of his general message that Muslims should not be trusted.".Generate a headline for the following article: Despite his white nationalist ties and support for Islamophobic policies, Bannon remains hugely influential.', '"Donald Trump Is Turning An Independent Taxpayer-Funded News Network Into Political Propaganda" is the title for "Even Republicans criticize Trump\'s hand-picked boss for agencies such as the Voice of America, whom the president unexpectedly pushed through this spring ahead of the election.".Generate a headline for the following article: The Ohio governor also noted that Americans seem enthusiastic about the idea of candidates outside the two main parties.', '"U.S. Politicians Can Afford To Grow A Spine On Saudi Arabia" is the title for "Five Democrats helped save an arms deal with the kingdom pushed by President Trump. It doesn\'t have to be this way.".Generate a headline for the following article: A wounded president who lost the popular vote is seeking foreign help to validate himself and attack his enemies.', '"Trump\'s War In Yemen Is A Gift For Al Qaeda" is the title for "On Sunday, the terror group\'s chief claimed it is cooperating with a U.S.-backed coalition. Experts agree.".Generate a headline for the following article: The Babylon Brigade is led by a Christian but is tied to the brutal Iranian-backed Muslim paramilitary Badr Organization.', '"How Democrats, Republicans And Jared Kushner United To Protect Saudi Arabia" is the title for ""I wasn\'t f**king caving," said Adam Smith, chair of the House Armed Services Committee, as lawmakers and human rights advocates traded barbs.".Generate a headline for the following article: Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross made the remark at a conference some people paid at least $12,500 to attend.', '"Congressman Trolls Obama Administration Over Yemen Waffling" is the title for "Rep. Ted Lieu (D-Calif.) thinks it\'s silly to simultaneously call for an end to Saudi-led bombing and enable it to continue.".Generate a headline for the following article: President Donald Trump has resisted bipartisan efforts to end the American role in the war, which has claimed tens of thousands of lives. President-elect Joe Biden says he will change course.', '"New Leaked Emails Show How Qatar Crisis Developed In The U.S." is the title for "The UAE ambassador called U.S. partner nation Qatar "corrupt" and Trump-linked GOP commentator Elliott Abrams joked about a military takeover there.".Generate a headline for the following article: The president did not mention investigations into Russia\'s role in the 2016 U.S. election or Russian meddling in Ukraine and Syria.', '"Trump Boasted About Helping 1 American Return From Egypt. He\'s Ignoring The Rest." is the title for ""Trump is spending his weekends golfing in Bedminster, N.J., while Ahmed will spend his 18th birthday in jail," one lawyer said.".Generate a headline for the following article: For Americans behind bars in Iran, Egypt, Turkey and elsewhere, homecoming ceremonies appear to be a long way off.', '"Bernie Sanders And Mike Lee Want A Fight With The Saudis. Trump’s Working To Stop Them." is the title for "The senators are trying to force an up-or-down vote on U.S. support for a brutal Saudi-led coalition in Yemen.".Generate a headline for the following article: Critics of Saudi Arabia\'s ongoing and bloody U.S.-backed campaign in Yemen might just get a win this week.', '"Western Officials Pledge To Support Ukraine As Russia Says It Should Be Dismembered" is the title for "Faced with a Russian attempt to redraw borders in Europe, the U.S. is preparing sanctions and European allies are signaling solidarity with the government in Kiev.".Generate a headline for the following article: Armenia is allowing Russia to menace NATO member Turkey, according to the lobbyists.', '"New Foods to Try for Cinco de Mayo: Recipes to Enjoy as a Family" is the title for "With family and friends, we\'re coming together to cook and enjoy healthy, real foods -- familiar favorites like strawberries and mangoes along with a few new foods like jicama and tomatillos. Ready to join us? Here are a few easy recipes for hosting your own New Food Fiesta this Cinco de Mayo.".Generate a headline for the following article: Grow a Tree of Thanks: A simple way to share appreciations this holiday.', '"Healthy Halloween: Treats, Tricks and Tips" is the title for "I\'m not advocating eliminating candy all together. A treat or two every so often is fine. What I am arguing is that we should find ways to make it more balanced -- to bring a few fun and healthy Halloween treats and tricks to the party.".Generate a headline for the following article: Should I take the French approach and limit snacks to one a day at a closely prescribed time? Or plan for a few small meals to fend off inevitable meltdowns? For my kids and me, I\'ve found it\'s best to snack -- with a caveat.', '"The Rise And Fall Of Anthony Scaramucci" is the title for "You may recall Anthony Scaramucci as the Trump Administration’s short-lived Communications Director. He was recently ousted".Generate a headline for the following article: Kellyanne Conway, President Trump’s Counselor, is an impressive woman. Before she was in the Trump government, and even before', '"How Trump\'s Age -- And Health -- Could Play Out During His Presidency" is the title for "Worry and frustration in the Oval Office is at massive levels daily, and it is uncertain how Trump will handle it in the long term.".Generate a headline for the following article: More and more, Cuban hardliners are speaking out in support of Trump.', '"A Dessert Worthy of the Gods" is the title for "I am currently traveling in Greece, preparing to film season 3 of The Cooking Odyssey, and life seems to be less about sweet & skinny and more about the old Greek proverb "all is well when the honey is sweet."".Generate a headline for the following article: As I stood in front of the Colosseum eating my bomboloni, the chatter of tourists humming in the air, I thought of Rome, past and present.', '"Lost Recipes" is the title for "I try to remind myself how she did it. Was it a pinch of thyme or oregano? When did she add the olive oil to the lentils? Some of the dishes almost bear her culinary signature. But of course none of them taste exactly the same.".Generate a headline for the following article: Now that fall has arrived, I am relishing the last batches of figs: putting them on pizzas, tossing them into salads and roasting them with honey.', '"Simple Summer Treats" is the title for "If you\'ve never tried to make ice cream sandwiches with whoopie pies, you\'re missing out! Unlike chocolate chip cookies, the cake like texture of whoopie pies holds the ice cream perfectly in place. As for flavor, it\'s like eating cake with ice cream... and who doesn\'t love that?".Generate a headline for the following article: For those of you not familiar with the delicious, buttery, flaky, pastry that is Kouign Amann, here\'s a bit of history', '"Quick and Easy Thanksgiving Dessert" is the title for "Thanksgiving is a great holiday for feasting with friends, but it can also be stressful. To help make things a bit easier, here is my quick and simple version of pumpkin pie.".Generate a headline for the following article: It\'s the ideal pie for me when I have a dozen other holiday dishes that need to be made.', '"On the Road Again" is the title for "Staying healthy while on the road has been a theme for me lately. Whether you are a frequent flyer, or just need a little extra inspiration, here are a few tips I picked up recently that will help to make traveling and eating healthfully easier to pull off.".Generate a headline for the following article: These simple tips from my cookbook, Sweet & Skinny, will help to cut fat and calories out of your diet, without leaving you feeling deprived.', '"Their Barbarism and Ours" is the title for "It will come as no surprise to you that we\'re top-notch when it comes to denouncing barbarism -- as long as it\'s theirs. Unfortunately, when it comes to our own barbarism, we turn out to be a tad weaker, whether you\'re talking about torture or the deaths of children by drone.".Generate a headline for the following article: Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com Let’s start with the universe and work our way in. Who cares? Not them because as far as', '"The Exxon Valdez Of Administrations" is the title for "Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com Back in May 2013, a word came to mind that I wanted to see in all our vocabularies.\xa0 It".Generate a headline for the following article: Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com In 1985, at age 41, I visited Disney World for the first time. I remember the experience', '"Russians Invade Afghanistan (Again!), Chinese Fight Iraq War (Again!)" is the title for "Let\'s play a game, the kind that makes no sense on this single-superpower planet of ours. For a moment, do your best to suspend disbelief and imagine that there\'s another superpower, great power, or even regional power somewhere that, between 2001 and 2003, launched two major wars in the Greater Middle East.".Generate a headline for the following article: Think of this as a little imperial folly update -- and here\'s the backstory. In the years after invading Iraq and disbanding Saddam Hussein\'s military, the U.S. sunk about $25 billion into "standing up" a new Iraqi army.', '"How American Intelligence Works in the 21st Century" is the title for "An inability to predict the lay of tomorrow\'s land may, in a way, be par for the course.  If so, however, remind me: Why exactly are we supporting 17 versions of intelligence gathering to the tune of at least $68 billion a year?".Generate a headline for the following article: The more terrifying way to think about our president-elect\'s global conflicts of interest.', '"Russians Invade Afghanistan (Again!), Chinese Fight Iraq War (Again!)" is the title for "Let\'s play a game, the kind that makes no sense on this single-superpower planet of ours. For a moment, do your best to suspend disbelief and imagine that there\'s another superpower, great power, or even regional power somewhere that, between 2001 and 2003, launched two major wars in the Greater Middle East.".Generate a headline for the following article: It seems that Bush is being forgotten, possibly on the grounds that no former president could look bad with Donald Trump in the White House.', '"An NRA World?" is the title for "Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com Here’s a cheery note for you: the last mass killing of 2017 took place moments before midnight".Generate a headline for the following article: Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com Back in May 2013, a word came to mind that I wanted to see in all our vocabularies.\xa0 It', '"Their Barbarism and Ours" is the title for "It will come as no surprise to you that we\'re top-notch when it comes to denouncing barbarism -- as long as it\'s theirs. Unfortunately, when it comes to our own barbarism, we turn out to be a tad weaker, whether you\'re talking about torture or the deaths of children by drone.".Generate a headline for the following article: Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com Over the years, Ann Jones has confronted some of the most daunting and depressing issues', '"How American Intelligence Works in the 21st Century" is the title for "An inability to predict the lay of tomorrow\'s land may, in a way, be par for the course.  If so, however, remind me: Why exactly are we supporting 17 versions of intelligence gathering to the tune of at least $68 billion a year?".Generate a headline for the following article: Money, they say, makes the world go round. So how\'s $10 billion for you? That\'s a top-end estimate for the record-breaking spending in this 1% presidential election campaign season.', '"Russians Invade Afghanistan (Again!), Chinese Fight Iraq War (Again!)" is the title for "Let\'s play a game, the kind that makes no sense on this single-superpower planet of ours. For a moment, do your best to suspend disbelief and imagine that there\'s another superpower, great power, or even regional power somewhere that, between 2001 and 2003, launched two major wars in the Greater Middle East.".Generate a headline for the following article: Cross-posted from\xa0TomDispatch.com Dystopian, yes. Unimaginable, no. In fact, a version of our present moment was imagined', '"Their Barbarism and Ours" is the title for "It will come as no surprise to you that we\'re top-notch when it comes to denouncing barbarism -- as long as it\'s theirs. Unfortunately, when it comes to our own barbarism, we turn out to be a tad weaker, whether you\'re talking about torture or the deaths of children by drone.".Generate a headline for the following article: Cross-posted with TomDispatch.com Not that anyone in a position of power seems to notice, but there’s a simple rule for American', '"The Folly of the Sole Superpower Writ Small" is the title for "Think of this as a little imperial folly update -- and here\'s the backstory. In the years after invading Iraq and disbanding Saddam Hussein\'s military, the U.S. sunk about $25 billion into "standing up" a new Iraqi army.".Generate a headline for the following article: Cross-posted with TomDispatch.com At the U.N. recently, Donald Trump followed up on his bloodcurdling threat to unleash on', '"An NRA World?" is the title for "Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com Here’s a cheery note for you: the last mass killing of 2017 took place moments before midnight".Generate a headline for the following article: Cross-posted with TomDispatch.com “More than 25 years ago, as I sat on the roof of our house watching the neighborhood’s', '"Their Barbarism and Ours" is the title for "It will come as no surprise to you that we\'re top-notch when it comes to denouncing barbarism -- as long as it\'s theirs. Unfortunately, when it comes to our own barbarism, we turn out to be a tad weaker, whether you\'re talking about torture or the deaths of children by drone.".Generate a headline for the following article: Sometimes it’s hard to believe that my own country might usher in the collapse of the very environment that nurtured humanity all these millennia.', '"(Over)Bearing Arms in America" is the title for "What was once the "tool" of law enforcement types, the military, and hunters is now the equivalent of an iPhone, a talisman of connection and social order. It\'s something that just about anyone can put in a pocket, a purse, or simply strap on in the full light of day in a land where all of us seem to be heading for the O.K. Corral.".Generate a headline for the following article: Sooner or later -- count on it -- the company or business you work for will be capable, via intelligent software, of monitoring every move you make, not to speak of everyone you may be in touch with while on the clock.', '"Another \'Non-War Year\' In America" is the title for "Cross-posted from\xa0TomDispatch.com If you want to know something about life in America these days, consider how New York Times".Generate a headline for the following article: Cross-posted with TomDispatch.com If you want a number, try 194. That’s how many countries there are on planet Earth (give', '"Climate Change as a Weapon of Mass Destruction" is the title for "This system of destruction on a planetary scale, facilitated by most of the ruling and corporate elites on the planet, is becoming (to bring into play another category not usually used in connection with climate change) the ultimate "crime against humanity" and, in fact, against most living things.  It is becoming a "terracide."".Generate a headline for the following article: Scientists believe that this round of mass extinction is accelerating, and one way or another, it all traces back to us, whether thanks to the way we are changing the planet\'s atmosphere or to what Kolbert terms a human-induced, often disastrous "intercontinental reshuffling of species."', '"Why Music, Part 6: Music and Creativity" is the title for "Music can help stimulate our imagination, one of the key components of the creative process. Listening to a song we love or fully immersing ourselves in a piece of beautiful music can shift our mood, create images in our mind, impact our limbic brain and open us up to new ideas.".Generate a headline for the following article: I find playing music to be one of my strongest personal therapies, not only from the state of being I can achieve while playing, but also from the energetic balancing and mood-enhancing effect on my mind, body and spirit throughout the day.', '"Why Music, Part 8: The Messenger" is the title for "I see music as an essential component for the conscious awakening of the human race and the well-being of our planet. Music can help us as individuals to better cope with these external challenges and inspire us as a global community to come together in a more harmonious fashion.".Generate a headline for the following article: I believe music is an essential ingredient for the cultivation of a more evolved global community and for the development of more intelligent, adaptable, creative and compassionate generations to come.', '"Navigating Change" is the title for "How do you deal with and feel about change? There are those change junkies out there who can\'t stop seeking the newest, most thrilling, most different thing around the bend. Then there are their opposites. Where do you fall along this spectrum?".Generate a headline for the following article: I won\'t pretend to sit here and know exactly how you should go about seizing the day and loving your sparkling, precious life. Only you know what thrills and depresses you, and so much of this comes from tapping the seriously-wise voice inside.', '"Flow Downstream" is the title for "Norman Fischer says, "Life comes and goes. Life comes and goes very quickly. We don\'t need to worry so much." When in doubt, find your footing in change. Instead of fighting the current, take cue, and for once in your life, flow downstream.".Generate a headline for the following article: Whether you are struck by a lone shoot pushing through the cracks in pavement, the runt tree on your block, the intermittent flow of rain, the seeming forest of the park, the night sky, or the fallen leaves, please let nature be your teacher and think deliberately on these things.', '"Gratitude" is the title for "I am so grateful for this miraculous life. I can\'t explain exactly how I\'ve been thrust into such an evocative and openhearted place of gratitude exactly, but wow, am I feeling open, sunny, and joyful, and just so totally appreciative of the wonder of this all.".Generate a headline for the following article: What if we were joyful simply just because? We all know the feeling of our hearts spilling over with joy. Can you imagine feeling this way all the time, or at least believing you could feel this way at any given time?', '"Vivid Dream" is the title for "To meet, manifest, or fulfill our dreams, we must accept where and who we are today. Life dreams are not hallucinations or fantasies that thrust us out of the present moment, but are instead about living in ultimate alignment with the truth of who we are in the present moment.".Generate a headline for the following article: In taking a leavened, eyes-open view of our controlling emotion, we see through it and experience the curious and novel landscape beyond that of incapacity. When we honor its transparency, and accept it for what it is, helplessness is transformed into helpfulness.', '"Allowing for Change" is the title for "Who isn\'t afraid of change? True, some of us have more fear of instability than others. But when you really get down to it, we are all shaken up when the movement inherent to change occurs.".Generate a headline for the following article: How do you deal with and feel about change? There are those change junkies out there who can\'t stop seeking the newest, most thrilling, most different thing around the bend. Then there are their opposites. Where do you fall along this spectrum?', '"Quick Tips for Choosing a Dog or Puppy" is the title for "As a dog trainer, I relish pre-adoptions consultations -- helping people consider the right dog for their lifestyle and preparing their household for the new addition.  Here are my top five tips.".Generate a headline for the following article: "Pet owners can outline their wishes regarding how the income and principal is to be used to care for each individual pet, or suggest the trust be restrictive and only provide money for the pet\'s medical care."', '"Kids Will Be Kids, Whatever the Species" is the title for "As with kids, there are many paths to raising happy, well-socialized dogs.  It\'s important to recognize that each situation is unique -- not only to those involved, but to the age and personalities of the individual dog or puppy.".Generate a headline for the following article: Our lizard has brought forth a valuable lesson and one that opens other doors of financial consideration.  Families need to have an open discussion, both with each other and with their veterinarians. There are many measures that can be taken to manage medical costs.', '"Explore America: Magic Moments And Places A La \'Before Sunrise\'" is the title for "I don\'t know where I\'ve been, but I only just recently watched 1995\'s "Before Sunrise" and thanks to Netflix\'s speedy delivery, eagerly saw the 2004 sequel "Before Sunset" for the first time. My mind has been in a reverie ever since. We have so few nice surprises in life, that it\'s thrilling to discover a new movie or song, even if it\'s old to others and these movies delivered on both.".Generate a headline for the following article: While "Virginia is For Lovers" has been the widely recognized ad slogan for 43 years, the state is also now fast becoming the destination for wine lovers.', '"Explore America: Magic Moments And Places A La \'Before Sunrise\'" is the title for "I don\'t know where I\'ve been, but I only just recently watched 1995\'s "Before Sunrise" and thanks to Netflix\'s speedy delivery, eagerly saw the 2004 sequel "Before Sunset" for the first time. My mind has been in a reverie ever since. We have so few nice surprises in life, that it\'s thrilling to discover a new movie or song, even if it\'s old to others and these movies delivered on both.".Generate a headline for the following article: When we think Nevada, our minds often go to Las Vegas. But not everything happens in Vegas.', '"Explore America: Magic Moments And Places A La \'Before Sunrise\'" is the title for "I don\'t know where I\'ve been, but I only just recently watched 1995\'s "Before Sunrise" and thanks to Netflix\'s speedy delivery, eagerly saw the 2004 sequel "Before Sunset" for the first time. My mind has been in a reverie ever since. We have so few nice surprises in life, that it\'s thrilling to discover a new movie or song, even if it\'s old to others and these movies delivered on both.".Generate a headline for the following article: Visitors here learn about the events that led to Dec. 16, 1773, and they go onto the decks of the ship for a re-enactment of the dumping of tea into Boston Harbor.', '"Jerry Seinfeld Writes in to The New York Times to Valiantly Defend \'Really?\'" is the title for "On Monday, The New York Times published an exhaustive opinion piece by TV critic Neil Genzlinger about the "Really?" epidemic -- what he sees as a troublesome trend in which lazy comedy writers resort to the one-word rebuttal for a cheap laugh.".Generate a headline for the following article: That the Big Day necessitates a big-deal dress is a fact that most brides internalize in grade school.']