['"Conventional Versus FHA: Which Should You Choose?" is the title for "Don\'t jump to the conclusion that the better choice is the mortgage with the lower interest rate. FHAs carry a lower interest rate but largely because of their high insurance premiums, they usually (but not always) cost the borrower more.".Generate a headline for the following article: Your loans were made at the height of the housing bubble, and looked like a great deal at the time. By using a HELOC as a "piggyback" second mortgage, you were not required to make a down payment or to purchase mortgage insurance.', '"Investing In a Larger Down Payment: High Yields and No Risk" is the title for "Consumers looking to purchase a home within the near future face many decisions, including how large a down payment to make. The down payment is the sale price (confirmed by a appraisal) less the loan amount. In most cases, home purchasers must have financial assets at least as large as the down payment they make.".Generate a headline for the following article: Homeowners sell their homes and buy other homes for a variety of reasons including a need to live closer to a place of employment, to be closer to family, to enjoy a better climate, or simply to upgrade. This article is about finding the best sequence of steps in the process.', '"Investing In a Larger Down Payment: High Yields and No Risk" is the title for "Consumers looking to purchase a home within the near future face many decisions, including how large a down payment to make. The down payment is the sale price (confirmed by a appraisal) less the loan amount. In most cases, home purchasers must have financial assets at least as large as the down payment they make.".Generate a headline for the following article: The tontine is an investment scheme where each of a group of participants pays a specified sum into a fund and receives a pro rata share of the income generated by the fund, but when a participant dies their share is divided among those remaining. As the number of participants dwindles, those remaining receive increasingly large distributions.', '"Didn\'t Plan a Labor Day Vacation? Take One of These Great Day Trips" is the title for "Here it is. Your last (unofficial, anyway) weekend of summer. If you haven\'t booked a vacation yet, fear not. We\'ve rounded up a few perfect day trips, so you\'ll have something cool to talk about around the water cooler Tuesday morning...".Generate a headline for the following article: Late spring and early summer bring prime weather for outdoor exploration, but these international national parks drop jaws year-round -- no Instagram filters needed.', '"Strange and Funny Bathroom Signs From Around the World" is the title for "Loo, john, latrine, oval office, outhouse, W.C., throne room -- whatever you call it, it\'s a place we all have to visit sometime, no matter where we are in the world. But while the experience is universal, the way we label the space varies greatly.".Generate a headline for the following article: The virtue of the infinity pool, besides the uninterrupted views of course, it the sense of privilege that comes from possessing your own private horizon.', '"The Best Islands in the World" is the title for "Every year in our annual Readers\' Choice Awards, we ask our fellow travelers to rate the world\'s best hotels, islands, airlines, and cruise lines. Just in time for getting your mind off of fall, we present the best islands in the world.".Generate a headline for the following article: After rounding up the best coastal drives in the U.S., Australia, and Ireland, you responded with your favorite ocean roads around the globe.', '"The 5 Most Beautiful Places In The World" is the title for "Pinpointing every breathtaking place on the planet could take a lifetime, but we think that these 5 otherworldly landscapes and awe-inspiring natural wonders need to move to the very top of your travel bucket list.".Generate a headline for the following article: In 2008, a Russian newspaper and TV channel held a massive competition to name the official "Seven Wonders of Russia." Topping the list was a place that few international tourists visit due to its remote location: the "Blue Eye of Siberia," the "Sacred Sea," sickle-shaped Lake Baikal.', '"The 32 Best Trips Condé Nast Traveler Has Ever Seen" is the title for "In honor of Condé Nast Traveler\'s 25th anniversary, we\'ve collected 32 trips of a lifetime -- all with unprecedented private access and unique experiences -- and we\'re offering them at crazy discounts in our World on Sale event. And no, we\'re not making any money off of this.".Generate a headline for the following article: Every year in our annual Readers\' Choice Awards, we ask our fellow travelers to rate the world\'s best hotels, islands, airlines, and cruise lines. Just in time for getting your mind off of fall, we present the best islands in the world.', '"How Not to Look Like a Tourist in Berlin" is the title for "Put your map away and enjoy getting lost in the city; you\'ll be surprised how diverse and charming the different districts are. West Berlin, for example, is enjoying a renaissance, and has recently changed in the eyes of many locals from boring no-go zone to the new and exciting place to be.".Generate a headline for the following article: 3. Val d\'Isère, France What\'s cool:\xa0Though some bemoan this mega resort for being crowded, pricey, and even a bit gauche', '"The Ridiculous Hotel Package That Comes With a Diamond Ring" is the title for "We\'re always intrigued by over-the-top luxury -- $1,954 hotel dinners, $500 spiked milkshakes -- but this latest offering by The New York Palace Hotel takes it to a whole other level.".Generate a headline for the following article: Private island dining, Michelin-starred meals, breakfast with elephants -- it\'s all on offer at these top-rated hotels from our 2013 Gold List.', '"The 5 Most Beautiful Places In The World" is the title for "Pinpointing every breathtaking place on the planet could take a lifetime, but we think that these 5 otherworldly landscapes and awe-inspiring natural wonders need to move to the very top of your travel bucket list.".Generate a headline for the following article: The entire list of 154 properties spans the globe, from a tiny one-suite find in Chiang Mai to a luxe safari camp in Tanzania', '"This Gorgeous Lake Holds 1/5 of the Earth\'s Freshwater" is the title for "In 2008, a Russian newspaper and TV channel held a massive competition to name the official "Seven Wonders of Russia." Topping the list was a place that few international tourists visit due to its remote location: the "Blue Eye of Siberia," the "Sacred Sea," sickle-shaped Lake Baikal.".Generate a headline for the following article: One of the most famous landmarks on the Oregon coast is Haystack Rock, forever known as Goonies Rock, thanks to its appearance at the end of the 1981 kidventure flick The Goonies.', '"The Best Islands in the World" is the title for "Every year in our annual Readers\' Choice Awards, we ask our fellow travelers to rate the world\'s best hotels, islands, airlines, and cruise lines. Just in time for getting your mind off of fall, we present the best islands in the world.".Generate a headline for the following article: Beach season is officially here, and though there are many amazing shorelines to explore, our readers are partial to island beaches.', '"How Not to Look Like a Tourist in Berlin" is the title for "Put your map away and enjoy getting lost in the city; you\'ll be surprised how diverse and charming the different districts are. West Berlin, for example, is enjoying a renaissance, and has recently changed in the eyes of many locals from boring no-go zone to the new and exciting place to be.".Generate a headline for the following article: Poor cigarette smokers. As nonsmoking spaces become the norm in the U.S. and around the world, it must be hard for them to find hotel rooms where they\'re allowed to light up.', '"The American Town That\'s Secretly Canadian" is the title for "What would an America under tyrannical Canadian rule look like? More polite? Cheaper health care? Would we all have to call macaroni and cheese "Kraft dinner"? The best way to envision this nightmarish alternate-universe dystopia is to peek in on the quiet town of Hyder, Alaska.".Generate a headline for the following article: Frozen treats are way more than just chocolate and vanilla in these far-flung countries.', '"The Best Islands in the World" is the title for "Every year in our annual Readers\' Choice Awards, we ask our fellow travelers to rate the world\'s best hotels, islands, airlines, and cruise lines. Just in time for getting your mind off of fall, we present the best islands in the world.".Generate a headline for the following article: Pastry chefs like Dominique Ansel, François Payard and Andrea Litvin spend their days crafting up delicious sweets for the world to enjoy. But what are their favorite desserts? We find out.', '"The Nervous Flier\'s Guide To Mid-Air Bumps And Glitches" is the title for "Despite the reassurance that you\'re more likely to win the lottery or be struck by lightning than end up in an aircraft accident, you still can\'t brush off all nervousness when it\'s time to board and news headlines of tech glitches and turbulence don\'t help the cause. Here, we explain a few bumps that may cause flying anxiety.".Generate a headline for the following article: Name recognition is the only thing you\'ll sacrifice if you swap out the usual tourist attractions for these lesser-known spots.', '"Rooftop Bars With Unbeatable Views (PHOTOS)" is the title for "We dig a hotel with a gorgeous view, so it\'s no surprise we can\'t stop staring at the photos of these rooftop bars, all atop Condé Nast Traveler-approved properties.".Generate a headline for the following article: We dig a hotel with a gorgeous view, so it\'s no surprise we can\'t stop staring at the photos of these 14 rooftop bars.', '"Didn\'t Plan a Labor Day Vacation? Take One of These Great Day Trips" is the title for "Here it is. Your last (unofficial, anyway) weekend of summer. If you haven\'t booked a vacation yet, fear not. We\'ve rounded up a few perfect day trips, so you\'ll have something cool to talk about around the water cooler Tuesday morning...".Generate a headline for the following article: No matter where you choose, book any of these yoga retreats and you\'ll come back feeling zen, tan, and uh, bendy.', '"The Nervous Flier\'s Guide To Mid-Air Bumps And Glitches" is the title for "Despite the reassurance that you\'re more likely to win the lottery or be struck by lightning than end up in an aircraft accident, you still can\'t brush off all nervousness when it\'s time to board and news headlines of tech glitches and turbulence don\'t help the cause. Here, we explain a few bumps that may cause flying anxiety.".Generate a headline for the following article: You can\'t be a slave to the fashionistas when you\'re a slave to the overhead storage bin. My system may not be stylish, but it has stood the test of hundreds of thousands of air miles. Here is the unvarnished truth about what my wheelie looks like when you open it.', '"The 5 Most Beautiful Places In The World" is the title for "Pinpointing every breathtaking place on the planet could take a lifetime, but we think that these 5 otherworldly landscapes and awe-inspiring natural wonders need to move to the very top of your travel bucket list.".Generate a headline for the following article: These hikes  may be the loveliest in the world. Go for a walk.', '"The 32 Best Trips Condé Nast Traveler Has Ever Seen" is the title for "In honor of Condé Nast Traveler\'s 25th anniversary, we\'ve collected 32 trips of a lifetime -- all with unprecedented private access and unique experiences -- and we\'re offering them at crazy discounts in our World on Sale event. And no, we\'re not making any money off of this.".Generate a headline for the following article: Airbnb CEO and cofounder Brian Chesky was in our office this morning talking about his company\'s plans for the future. While he mentioned many interesting things, the most fascinating was his list of the unexpected ways people use Airbnb.', '"The Best Islands in the World" is the title for "Every year in our annual Readers\' Choice Awards, we ask our fellow travelers to rate the world\'s best hotels, islands, airlines, and cruise lines. Just in time for getting your mind off of fall, we present the best islands in the world.".Generate a headline for the following article: Sure, cats and dogs are fun hotel pets, but so are the penguins, wolves and giraffes that call these resorts around the world home.', '"This Gorgeous Lake Holds 1/5 of the Earth\'s Freshwater" is the title for "In 2008, a Russian newspaper and TV channel held a massive competition to name the official "Seven Wonders of Russia." Topping the list was a place that few international tourists visit due to its remote location: the "Blue Eye of Siberia," the "Sacred Sea," sickle-shaped Lake Baikal.".Generate a headline for the following article: Of the 981 properties included on UNESCO\'s World Heritage List, some 44 are categorized as in-danger, for reasons ranging from political instability to irresponsible tourism.', '"6 Cruises to Book Right Now" is the title for "These are the cruise ships Condé Nast Traveler readers say they\'d sail again (and again), in their own words. Plus, the cruise itineraries you should book right now.".Generate a headline for the following article: Carry-on restrictions and baggage fees be damned: Our readers love to shop on vacation, and they know where to do it. Nearly', '"10 Old Olympic Venues You Can Still Visit" is the title for "So, you didn\'t get a ticket to Sochi this winter. Not to worry, sports fans: There are still plenty of sites used in Olympic Games that are open to visitors.".Generate a headline for the following article: There are a lot of advertisements out there for the Sochi Olympics right now, but these vintage travel posters are the ones we prefer.', '"Didn\'t Plan a Labor Day Vacation? Take One of These Great Day Trips" is the title for "Here it is. Your last (unofficial, anyway) weekend of summer. If you haven\'t booked a vacation yet, fear not. We\'ve rounded up a few perfect day trips, so you\'ll have something cool to talk about around the water cooler Tuesday morning...".Generate a headline for the following article: When we head into the great outdoors, we generally want an equally great indoors waiting for us. Also some hot chocolate.', '"The Ridiculous Hotel Package That Comes With a Diamond Ring" is the title for "We\'re always intrigued by over-the-top luxury -- $1,954 hotel dinners, $500 spiked milkshakes -- but this latest offering by The New York Palace Hotel takes it to a whole other level.".Generate a headline for the following article: 4. EAST, Miami, FL Proof that Miami has more to offer than beaches and buzzy clubs — the city’s biggest opening last year', '"The 32 Best Trips Condé Nast Traveler Has Ever Seen" is the title for "In honor of Condé Nast Traveler\'s 25th anniversary, we\'ve collected 32 trips of a lifetime -- all with unprecedented private access and unique experiences -- and we\'re offering them at crazy discounts in our World on Sale event. And no, we\'re not making any money off of this.".Generate a headline for the following article: Authors\' homes are their castles, offices and -- more often than not -- places of pilgrimage for their fans.', '"How Not to Look Like a Tourist in Berlin" is the title for "Put your map away and enjoy getting lost in the city; you\'ll be surprised how diverse and charming the different districts are. West Berlin, for example, is enjoying a renaissance, and has recently changed in the eyes of many locals from boring no-go zone to the new and exciting place to be.".Generate a headline for the following article: State capitals may be hotbeds of partisan madness, but they are also the hubs around which local economies, cultures and sentiments spin.', '"The 5 Most Beautiful Places In The World" is the title for "Pinpointing every breathtaking place on the planet could take a lifetime, but we think that these 5 otherworldly landscapes and awe-inspiring natural wonders need to move to the very top of your travel bucket list.".Generate a headline for the following article: All of these spa hotels and resorts are highly rated by our readers -- and all offer transporting natural surroundings to make your stay feel like a true escape.', '"The Ridiculous Hotel Package That Comes With a Diamond Ring" is the title for "We\'re always intrigued by over-the-top luxury -- $1,954 hotel dinners, $500 spiked milkshakes -- but this latest offering by The New York Palace Hotel takes it to a whole other level.".Generate a headline for the following article: From $40,000 suites with remote-controlled toilets, to 6,000-square-foot duplexes that are "price upon request," these are the most expensive suites at Las Vegas\' top hotels.', '"How Not to Look Like a Tourist in Berlin" is the title for "Put your map away and enjoy getting lost in the city; you\'ll be surprised how diverse and charming the different districts are. West Berlin, for example, is enjoying a renaissance, and has recently changed in the eyes of many locals from boring no-go zone to the new and exciting place to be.".Generate a headline for the following article: Loo, john, latrine, oval office, outhouse, W.C., throne room -- whatever you call it, it\'s a place we all have to visit sometime, no matter where we are in the world. But while the experience is universal, the way we label the space varies greatly.', '"The Ridiculous Hotel Package That Comes With a Diamond Ring" is the title for "We\'re always intrigued by over-the-top luxury -- $1,954 hotel dinners, $500 spiked milkshakes -- but this latest offering by The New York Palace Hotel takes it to a whole other level.".Generate a headline for the following article: "The Midwest -- American beer\'s ancestral seats -- finally stealing the spotlight back from the craft brew-sodden coasts."', '"Best Road Trips: Iconic American Drives Worth the Gas Money" is the title for "With the price of gas trending downward, there\'s no better time to jump in the car, put the top down, and head out for a drive. Here, we have 10 itineraries for some of the country\'s most classic road trips.".Generate a headline for the following article: Texas native Stephen Orr takes the road less traveled on a drive through the Lone Star State\'s wild western borderlands.', '"Best Road Trips: Iconic American Drives Worth the Gas Money" is the title for "With the price of gas trending downward, there\'s no better time to jump in the car, put the top down, and head out for a drive. Here, we have 10 itineraries for some of the country\'s most classic road trips.".Generate a headline for the following article: Nothing gets us more excited for summer than the prospect of an epic road trip: wind whipping through open car windows, highways flanked by stunning landscapes. Luckily, this is an easy reality in the U.S., thanks to an abundance of amazing national parks.', '"The Best Islands in the World" is the title for "Every year in our annual Readers\' Choice Awards, we ask our fellow travelers to rate the world\'s best hotels, islands, airlines, and cruise lines. Just in time for getting your mind off of fall, we present the best islands in the world.".Generate a headline for the following article: From small and scrappy vessels to big barges, boats of all stripes have inspired unique accommodations.', '"How to Live in Paradise for Less Than $1,500 a Month" is the title for "First off, there is a HUGE difference between being on vacation and living abroad. That image you have of sitting around on a beach chair all day with a coconut drink in your hand at a luxurious resort?".Generate a headline for the following article: It\'s amazing what you pack when you have three minutes to fit your whole life in a bag. I grabbed my laptop, my passport, five t-shirts, flip flops, a swim suit, my external hard drive and my puppy. What was I forgetting? Underwear? Optional.', '"Ten Tips To Stay Safe While Traveling Abroad" is the title for "I\'ve been fortunate enough to travel all around the world but also witnessed an unbelievable array of street scams and hustles. But please don\'t let that discourage you from grabbing your passport and exploring the beautiful world we live in; you\'ll find most places to be as safe as your front porch if you exercise some basic rules of caution.".Generate a headline for the following article: First off, there is a HUGE difference between being on vacation and living abroad. That image you have of sitting around on a beach chair all day with a coconut drink in your hand at a luxurious resort?', '"Walking the Tightrope of Life" is the title for "We all struggle to make proper use of our time and abilities. We want to be as successful, as helpful and as accomplished as possible. But we simply cannot do everything. For us to make proper choices, we much root ourselves in positive values and establish clear, rooted guidelines that govern our choices and actions.".Generate a headline for the following article: We all wish to be happy. We seek material bounty, fulfilling relationships, peace and a connection with nature. But we know that there\'s another, deeper aspect to happiness, one that scientists cannot measure. It is the fulfillment of our calling and mission, giving us the deep satisfaction that our time here on earth was most fulfilling, for us and those who we impacted.', '"Back to the Future?" is the title for "It is my strong belief that if we, as an educational community, are to succeed in taking full advantage of our ever-evolving "21st century" tools, we first need to commit ourselves to sharpening our understanding and usage of some "20th century" (or older) educational staples.".Generate a headline for the following article: In taking these steps, leaders demonstrate a genuine interest in and respect for their people and their new environment. While this may not fully assuage the fears of those who worry about their new boss and her agenda, it should help put the majority of folks at ease as they settle into their new reality.', '"Why Peeta And Katniss From \'The Hunger Games\' Should Get Engaged" is the title for "As a Proposal Planner, I interview hundreds of men in my profession, and I ask them why they feel that their relationship and the person they\'re with is the one. Despite how different each relationship is, nearly all men mention six things. I saw these six things with Peeta and Katniss.".Generate a headline for the following article: My client\'s concerns included finding a "gay-friendly" proposal venue and making sure that the crowds would be accepting of her and her partner showing affection. I was suddenly aware of the fact that I take my ability to just be with my husband in the open for granted.', '"Why Peeta And Katniss From \'The Hunger Games\' Should Get Engaged" is the title for "As a Proposal Planner, I interview hundreds of men in my profession, and I ask them why they feel that their relationship and the person they\'re with is the one. Despite how different each relationship is, nearly all men mention six things. I saw these six things with Peeta and Katniss.".Generate a headline for the following article: Zahra could have never known that when she entered a contest on Travel Blog California, she was about to win the best prize of her life.', '"4 Tips for Saving for Your Child\'s Future" is the title for "Where should you invest? How can you invest? How much should you put away and how should it be earmarked? These are all important questions when looking at creating a savings plan for children. Here are a few tips to help you get started.".Generate a headline for the following article: You own part of the company (aka a share in the company). The price of that share can fluctuate given what people think the company is worth (or will be worth) and what they are willing to pay for a share.', '"4 Tips for Saving for Your Child\'s Future" is the title for "Where should you invest? How can you invest? How much should you put away and how should it be earmarked? These are all important questions when looking at creating a savings plan for children. Here are a few tips to help you get started.".Generate a headline for the following article: For those of us that are newbies to the personal finance world with no time to do adequate research, we probably have more than a few blind spots, and a professional eye can really help.', '"The Highs And Lows Of Buying Legalized Marijuana" is the title for "Recently, I had my attitude checked in a marijuana dispensary. You read that right: a weed shop. If you know me personally, and are judging me right now, save it \'til the end; you may be checking your attitude too. If you don\'t know me, then read on, but this may be checkmate.".Generate a headline for the following article: When life throws you a 100 mph curve ball, that hits you in the face ... and then another, and another, there are lots of things you can do. If you\'re a child, set on survival, you block it out and move on.', '"Why Israel Is Such A Hard Place To Visit -- But So Worth The Effort" is the title for "Israel is a hard place. As I flew over Turkey, Bucharest, Czech Republic, Germany (each hour a reminder that just getting there is hard, that my girl lives very far away) that\'s what ran through my head, over and over: Israel is a hard place.".Generate a headline for the following article: My 24-year-old daughter lives in Jerusalem. It\'s not a large city, so anything that happens in Jerusalem, is too close for comfort in this mother\'s eyes. I am not a staunch pro-Israel supporter, as many expect I might be. However, this was wrong on all levels. This is black and white for me: this was terrorism.', '"Talk Your Way Into Your Next Relationship" is the title for "Remember, if you want to get married again you still have to say "I do" and you can\'t text it!  Here are some ways to help you communicate better with your next partner.".Generate a headline for the following article: With Thanksgiving right around the corner, it\'s time to start thinking about what you\'re thankful for this year.', '"What a Difference a Year After a Divorce Makes" is the title for "It was recently reported that Katie Holmes and Tom Cruise completed their first year after the divorce was finalized. Many divorced couples don\'t think that they will survive after the split. The completion of the first year marks an important milestone.".Generate a headline for the following article: Over the years, there has a spike in the divorce rate among people "of a certain age."', '"Talk Your Way Into Your Next Relationship" is the title for "Remember, if you want to get married again you still have to say "I do" and you can\'t text it!  Here are some ways to help you communicate better with your next partner.".Generate a headline for the following article: If you got divorced in 2012, it\'s time to kick off the New Year with a new you.', '"Ritualize Your Divorce" is the title for "During my first year post divorce, I tried to come up with a ritual to cover every painful moment. Time flew by quickly as I did the rituals and, in the end, I had a better understanding of myself.".Generate a headline for the following article: When I look back on my starter marriage, I realize how important it was; it helped shape me into the better wife that I am today in my second marriage.', '"My Child Can\'t be Defined By A Parent Intake Form" is the title for "The other day I was in the middle of my morning routine of packing snacks, reminding people to wear underwear and ordering them to brush their teeth when I happened to see it, my special needs daughter\'s red take home folder.".Generate a headline for the following article: Today I was struggling to figure out what to write, and I fell back on a typical strategy: I begged my kids for suggestions', '"Why It\'s So Important To Keep My Mom Promise" is the title for "Life with two teens and a tween is beyond crazy. I\'ve never regretted my choice to stay home with my children, but lately, the stress of life has been getting to me. I feel as if I\'m rarely on my game anymore.".Generate a headline for the following article: The other day I was in the middle of my morning routine of packing snacks, reminding people to wear underwear and ordering them to brush their teeth when I happened to see it, my special needs daughter\'s red take home folder.', '"Why It\'s So Important To Keep My Mom Promise" is the title for "Life with two teens and a tween is beyond crazy. I\'ve never regretted my choice to stay home with my children, but lately, the stress of life has been getting to me. I feel as if I\'m rarely on my game anymore.".Generate a headline for the following article: Will the boys resent the time and energy their sister required? What will they have to deal with when my husband and I are no longer here? Who will take care of Lizzy when we can\'t do it ourselves?', '"What I Do When I\'m Having One of Those Days" is the title for "I know in my heart that the best days I had before I knew the four most important people in my life can\'t even hold a candle to my worst day being a wife and mom.".Generate a headline for the following article: After being a mother for 18 years, 12 as the mother of three, there are some things about raising children that I just know', '"Inspiration, Insight, and Wickedly Playful Wisdom: Introducing The Chopra Well" is the title for "In a busy, chaotic and often troubling world, where do you turn for inspiration? To nature, perhaps. Or to religion, art, or your friends. Come July 16 you may find yourself turning to The Chopra Well, a new YouTube channel focused entirely on wellness and spirituality.".Generate a headline for the following article: If you\'re going to try colonic treatments, take precautions against the various risks associated with colonics and do everything to make sure you get the most out of the experience.', '"Teenage Yogis: Fostering Peace in the Face of Rising Violence" is the title for "Even more impressive than the power of yoga in this story is the fierce resiliency of these teens\' spirits. Perhaps yoga and meditation awaken something in the human spirit that was always there, but which we lose sight of or neglect.".Generate a headline for the following article: As it turns out, we have more of a say in the strength and resilience of our brains than we may have thought. Here are three myths to dispel before we can harness the power of our "super brains."', '"Do You Need a Body to Do Yoga?" is the title for "Yoga is certainly a physical practice and can be a great way to work on strength and flexibility. But many seasoned yogis and instructors will tell you that breathing and mindfulness are at the heart of the practice.".Generate a headline for the following article: Even more impressive than the power of yoga in this story is the fierce resiliency of these teens\' spirits. Perhaps yoga and meditation awaken something in the human spirit that was always there, but which we lose sight of or neglect.', '"How to Keep Ghosts From Marriages Past From Haunting your House This Holiday Season" is the title for "Women who are not in relationships make easy prey.  They suddenly find themselves nostalgic for the time before their divorce when everyone was one big happy family.  If this describes you, black magic is playing tricks on your mind.  You weren\'t one big happy family.  That\'s why you got a divorce.".Generate a headline for the following article: Why do we put kids through these exercises? If we want them to develop the courage to push past fear, can\'t we do that in a way that doesn\'t require them to override other instincts we need them to respect in order to keep them safe until their brains fully develop?', '"Why Criticism of Gabby Douglas Should Serve as a Wake Up Call to Hibernating Mama Grizzlies Everywhere" is the title for "When young women who step up are ridiculed for things that have nothing to do with the subject at hand -- things that are as irrelevant as their hair and clothes -- it sends a chilling message to girls everywhere about the perils of putting oneself out there.".Generate a headline for the following article: Slut shaming is telling your daughter that twerking is bad because that will make people think she\'s a dirty girl and ruin her chances of catching a good husband. Parenting is telling your daughter that twerking is bad because it conveys an absence of self-respect and dignity.', '"New Year\'s Resolutions Your Kids Wish You\'d Make (and Keep)" is the title for "It\'s that time of year again; time to take stock and make changes. Instead of pledging yet again to take off extra pounds or cut back on spending, your kids have something else in mind for you. The following are the New Year\'s resolutions that they\'d like you to make -- and keep.".Generate a headline for the following article: This month I\'m celebrating my fifth anniversary. In more traditional circles, the theme for a fifth wedding anniversary is wood. But since I\'m celebrating the anniversary of my divorce, I think a more appropriate theme for me is "would," as in what I wish I would have known back in 2007.', '"How to Keep Ghosts From Marriages Past From Haunting your House This Holiday Season" is the title for "Women who are not in relationships make easy prey.  They suddenly find themselves nostalgic for the time before their divorce when everyone was one big happy family.  If this describes you, black magic is playing tricks on your mind.  You weren\'t one big happy family.  That\'s why you got a divorce.".Generate a headline for the following article: Because many women have been raised to think "catching a man" is their top objective, women often approach dating as a prolonged marketing campaign. By spending your time trying to sell, you forget to consider whether you\'re interested in buying.', '"New Year\'s Resolutions Your Kids Wish You\'d Make (and Keep)" is the title for "It\'s that time of year again; time to take stock and make changes. Instead of pledging yet again to take off extra pounds or cut back on spending, your kids have something else in mind for you. The following are the New Year\'s resolutions that they\'d like you to make -- and keep.".Generate a headline for the following article: I have developed the following survival plan to get you through even the most severe case of kid-sickness.', '"New Year\'s Resolutions Your Kids Wish You\'d Make (and Keep)" is the title for "It\'s that time of year again; time to take stock and make changes. Instead of pledging yet again to take off extra pounds or cut back on spending, your kids have something else in mind for you. The following are the New Year\'s resolutions that they\'d like you to make -- and keep.".Generate a headline for the following article: "We won\'t let them down," O\'Brien promised. "We\'re already in negotiations with the folks at Justice, the clothing store', '"4 Reasons to Place on Hold any Plan to Give your Child a Cell Phone" is the title for "What\'s the right age for a child to get her first cell phone? The answer varies from parent to parent and often hinges on how busy the family\'s schedule is as well as the maturity level of the child. This much is clear: The average age seems to be getting younger and younger.".Generate a headline for the following article: The problem is this: Whenever I see someone young enough to be my kid in a difficult situation, I tend to imagine my own kid in the same spot.', '"Dying to Talk to You" is the title for "But there is also a truth, the "good news," which far fewer of us have experienced, which is that there is an end to suffering. Not an escape, but an end. And it doesn\'t come at death; it comes when we face our suffering, face our fears, and address them head on, with support, and move through them.".Generate a headline for the following article: It\'s my mother\'s birthday this week, and I have been spending a lot of time thinking fondly of her.  But I know that I am fortunate to have had a great relationship with my mom.  For many of us, let\'s just acknowledge that this relationship can be a bit more... complicated.', '"Dying to Talk to You" is the title for "But there is also a truth, the "good news," which far fewer of us have experienced, which is that there is an end to suffering. Not an escape, but an end. And it doesn\'t come at death; it comes when we face our suffering, face our fears, and address them head on, with support, and move through them.".Generate a headline for the following article: When you feel broken, the heart is actually more alive than ever.\xa0\xa0And in these moments -- in this moment, as painful as it is -- we have the opportunity to lose our minds so that we can come to our senses.', '"Let\'s Keep the Sandy Hook Loving Kindness Epidemic Alive" is the title for "Time to let go because if I don\'t I\'ll lose myself in the process.  I\'m in danger of forgetting what the holidays and life are all about.  What matters is doing the best we can to practice true loving kindness, a genuine desire to act in pursuit of the others\' happiness.".Generate a headline for the following article: Other than letting go of our reasons why it\'s not possible, there is nothing more useful we can do to make this a great year. Doing so is the heart of your personal transformation.', '"Let\'s Keep the Sandy Hook Loving Kindness Epidemic Alive" is the title for "Time to let go because if I don\'t I\'ll lose myself in the process.  I\'m in danger of forgetting what the holidays and life are all about.  What matters is doing the best we can to practice true loving kindness, a genuine desire to act in pursuit of the others\' happiness.".Generate a headline for the following article: Money is abundant and flows spontaneously in life. Money allows me to express myself fully and contribute generously. What\'s', '"How to Aim High: Steps 2 and 3 to Create Your Personal Vision" is the title for "Walking along the straight and narrow, a step at a time, won\'t get you where you really want to go. Satisfying as it is to complete the "to do" list, it\'s not enough.  Aiming high means exactly that -- look up, grab your magic wand, and imagine your life five years from now.".Generate a headline for the following article: Living life in fast forward mode means that truly important things don\'t happen. They get lost in the shuffle.  So, what\'s missing for you? You know the answer better than anyone.', '"How to Aim High: Steps 2 and 3 to Create Your Personal Vision" is the title for "Walking along the straight and narrow, a step at a time, won\'t get you where you really want to go. Satisfying as it is to complete the "to do" list, it\'s not enough.  Aiming high means exactly that -- look up, grab your magic wand, and imagine your life five years from now.".Generate a headline for the following article: I\'ve discovered six paths that lead to well-being -- some work instantaneously and some generate a much more lasting result.  This week, I\'ll focus on the ones that work instantly.', '"Bill Paxton Learns of His Revolutionary Past On \'Who Do You Think You Are?\'" is the title for "Actor Bill Paxton is featured this Sunday (April 19 at 10/9c on TLC) on Who Do You Think You Are? and digs into the paternal half of his family tree. He begins by solving a long-standing mystery by determining that he is indeed related to Texan hero Sam Houston.".Generate a headline for the following article: Sean explores his paternal ancestry focusing on his Hayes line, and that leads him via Chicago and Dublin back to Ballylongford in County Kerry. What will he learn there? Check out this exclusive video provided by TLC  to get a taste:', '"American Idol: What They Wore, 4/4/12" is the title for "You heard some \'80s songs Wednesday night! And you saw neon, fringe, high heels, some sparkle, jackets for the boys, and of course tons of jewelry! Here\'s what our Top 8 Idol contestants wore this past performance night.".Generate a headline for the following article: For Wednesday\'s performance night the theme was "California Dreaming/Songs I Wish I\'d Written." From the #Idols we heard James Brown, CCR, Journey and more, and saw plenty of #fun fashion!', '"American Idol: What They Wore, 4/4/12" is the title for "You heard some \'80s songs Wednesday night! And you saw neon, fringe, high heels, some sparkle, jackets for the boys, and of course tons of jewelry! Here\'s what our Top 8 Idol contestants wore this past performance night.".Generate a headline for the following article: I love working with artists that know what they like because you can really explore other options within the same vein of style. Finding the perfect jacket, pants, shoes, and shirts is always a #FUN challenge with Phillip.', '"Your End Of Summer Guide To Myrtle Beach, SC: What To Do And Where To Stay (PHOTOS)" is the title for "We\'ve come up with a guide to the must-do activities in Myrtle Beach, and where to stay when you\'re there. Get inspired and soak up these last few weeks of summer in this beachy hotspot.".Generate a headline for the following article: Whether you\'re in town visiting and want to mix it up a bit, or you\'re a resident and want to get away from it all, start packing and hit the road!', '"11 Awesome Last-Minute Gifts You Can Swipe From Your Hotel (PHOTOS)" is the title for "From gourmet goodies to decadent bath products to home décor, hotels have plenty of items that can make the perfect present -- so swipe something on your next hotel stay (and pay up, of course!) or simply swipe the suggestion!".Generate a headline for the following article: On the menus: vanilla-dipped brioche French toast, a milk chocolate nest, seafood bars and more.', '"The Best Road Trips From New York City (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Home to about 8 million folks -- and tons of our readers -- the Big Apple is a behemoth destination to explore itself. But should you be longing to escape the crowded streets, know you\'re in similar company: New York\'s residents seemingly flock out town every Friday.".Generate a headline for the following article: Summer is (unofficially) here, and tons of travelers will be heading coast to coast to visit some of the most iconic city', '"The Best Road Trips From Phoenix (PHOTOS)" is the title for "With a host of museums and galleries, top-notch Tex-Mex cuisine and cactus-dotted landscape, Arizona\'s state capital is one of the most unique metropolises in the country. Here\'s what to see nearby once you\'ve explored all that Phoenix has to offer.".Generate a headline for the following article: One of Space City\'s greatest assets is its close proximity to some of the other most unique and cultured cities.', '"Big Cities, Small Stays: Intimate Boutiques in Bustling Metropolises (PHOTOS)" is the title for "So though mega-metropolises like Buenos Aires, Hong Kong, or Los Angeles might intimidate you, fear not. You can always retreat to these intimate boutiques for some quiet time amidst the bustle of the big city.".Generate a headline for the following article: Ancient ruins stand alongside Renaissance palazzos and buzzing cafes, and the works of art that can be viewed in the city\'s museums and churches are enough to make any culture lover drool.', '"Five Ways To Stay In Cancun (PHOTOS)" is the title for "We\'ve found just the spot to stay for almost every kind of traveler, so whether you plan on bringing the kids along or hope to have a romantic getaway, Oyster has a hotel for you.".Generate a headline for the following article: We\'ve found just the spot to stay for almost every kind of traveler, so whether you\'re planning a romantic getaway or want to take the kids along, Oyster has a hotel for you.', '"Budget-Savvy Honeymoons That Won\'t Skimp On Romance (PHOTOS)" is the title for "After all the planning, prepping, and smiling for guests whom you definitely didn\'t invite ("Oh, so your my mom\'s neighbor\'s daughter\'s friend? I see!"), a romantic getaway will be just what you need to kick off your wedded bliss.".Generate a headline for the following article: Are you traveling with the guys and looking for some female company?', '"What to Do When You\'re In Portland" is the title for "With beautiful, natural surroundings mixed in with its trendy shops and bars, Stumpdown doesn\'t disappoint. Take a look at some our of favorite things to do in the gorgeous Oregon city.".Generate a headline for the following article: Both offer gorgeous architecture and a boat load of culture, but where one gets top marks for an eco-friendly attitude and a hipster vibe, the other is renowned for its beaches and bold attitude.', '"10 Spa Escapes In Europe (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Where to get you to that "Ahhh" feeling faster than you can say "Euro Trip."  Whether all you want is some downtime in the sauna or a deep tissue massage, these properties have you covered. So sit back and relax--the Louvre will still be there tomorrow.".Generate a headline for the following article: Sometimes spa treatments tip over the edge of relaxing and enter the realm of the downright strange.', '"The Best Road Trips From New York City (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Home to about 8 million folks -- and tons of our readers -- the Big Apple is a behemoth destination to explore itself. But should you be longing to escape the crowded streets, know you\'re in similar company: New York\'s residents seemingly flock out town every Friday.".Generate a headline for the following article: When we travel, we like to let loose -- after all, isn\'t a vacation all about leisure?', '"Opposites Attract: Honeymoons to Please Every Bride and Groom" is the title for "If your hubby-to-be likes to play it safe but you like adventure, or if you\'d rather get a dose of culture but your bride prefers the beach, we\'re here to help. Our comprehensive honeymoon guide features four hot spots with a little something for every kind of couple.".Generate a headline for the following article: Couples getaways can be great. Unfortunately, they normally involve having your significant other along.', '"Your End Of Summer Guide To Myrtle Beach, SC: What To Do And Where To Stay (PHOTOS)" is the title for "We\'ve come up with a guide to the must-do activities in Myrtle Beach, and where to stay when you\'re there. Get inspired and soak up these last few weeks of summer in this beachy hotspot.".Generate a headline for the following article: If you want to drop a beat, or just pick up the vibes left behind by some of your favorite musicians, check out these rock-ready hotels.', '"Getting Outdoors in the Southwest (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Although there may be tons of incredible national parks throughout the Southwest -- including Arches, Zion, and the Grand Canyon -- other lesser-known areas prove to be just as majestic. Here are a few of our favorite places in the region to get fit and reconnect with Mother Nature.".Generate a headline for the following article: From the tip of Maine to the Florida Keys, America\'s Eastern region is a diverse area filled with just about every type of terrain an active traveler could want: mountains, marshes, lakes, cliffs, forests and so much more.', '"Oyster Stats: Proof That The French Hate Working Out (PHOTOS)" is the title for "In our new series, Oyster Stats, we\'re sharing surprising tidbits on a range of topics using data we\'ve accumulated from our hotel coverage and site traffic. Check out our latest find: proof that the French hate working out.".Generate a headline for the following article: We\'re pretty excited about all the beef stew and Bailey\'s we plan on imbibing this weekend.', '"The Best Road Trips From New York City (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Home to about 8 million folks -- and tons of our readers -- the Big Apple is a behemoth destination to explore itself. But should you be longing to escape the crowded streets, know you\'re in similar company: New York\'s residents seemingly flock out town every Friday.".Generate a headline for the following article: I soon realized my error: He wasn\'t a police officer, but a full-blown pimp about to shake down a John.', '"11 Awesome Last-Minute Gifts You Can Swipe From Your Hotel (PHOTOS)" is the title for "From gourmet goodies to decadent bath products to home décor, hotels have plenty of items that can make the perfect present -- so swipe something on your next hotel stay (and pay up, of course!) or simply swipe the suggestion!".Generate a headline for the following article: Legend has it that when Dom Perignon first discovered champagne, he called out, "Come quickly, I am tasting the stars!" It\'s hard to disagree with the Frenchman -- a cool glass of bubbly can make even the most stoic person let loose a giggle or a smirk.', '"The Best Road Trips From New York City (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Home to about 8 million folks -- and tons of our readers -- the Big Apple is a behemoth destination to explore itself. But should you be longing to escape the crowded streets, know you\'re in similar company: New York\'s residents seemingly flock out town every Friday.".Generate a headline for the following article: Few people know how to take it easy better than South Carolinians.', '"The Best Road Trips From New York City (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Home to about 8 million folks -- and tons of our readers -- the Big Apple is a behemoth destination to explore itself. But should you be longing to escape the crowded streets, know you\'re in similar company: New York\'s residents seemingly flock out town every Friday.".Generate a headline for the following article: Alas, 2012 has come and gone, and we can\'t help but get a little nostalgic. After all, it was a great year -- especially in the hotel industry. But what really rocked our world this past year were the numerous (and we mean numerous) celebrity scandals that went down behind closed hotel doors.', '"The Biggest Celebrity Hotel Scandals Of 2012 (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Alas, 2012 has come and gone, and we can\'t help but get a little nostalgic. After all, it was a great year -- especially in the hotel industry. But what really rocked our world this past year were the numerous (and we mean numerous) celebrity scandals that went down behind closed hotel doors.".Generate a headline for the following article: Some hotels aren\'t interested in catering to the baby-toting crowd and we\'re totally alright with that.', '"The Best Road Trips From New York City (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Home to about 8 million folks -- and tons of our readers -- the Big Apple is a behemoth destination to explore itself. But should you be longing to escape the crowded streets, know you\'re in similar company: New York\'s residents seemingly flock out town every Friday.".Generate a headline for the following article: Deciding on a destination for an upcoming trip is never easy. While the beach and mountains may beckon, cities are a great', '"The Best Road Trips From Phoenix (PHOTOS)" is the title for "With a host of museums and galleries, top-notch Tex-Mex cuisine and cactus-dotted landscape, Arizona\'s state capital is one of the most unique metropolises in the country. Here\'s what to see nearby once you\'ve explored all that Phoenix has to offer.".Generate a headline for the following article: Dubbed the "City of Brotherly Love," Philadelphia is famous for its rich revolution-era history, its architecture and its truly fanatic sports fans.', '"Your End Of Summer Guide To Myrtle Beach, SC: What To Do And Where To Stay (PHOTOS)" is the title for "We\'ve come up with a guide to the must-do activities in Myrtle Beach, and where to stay when you\'re there. Get inspired and soak up these last few weeks of summer in this beachy hotspot.".Generate a headline for the following article: These fantasies can very easily become a reality, with an outdoor space and a little elbow grease. We\'ve seen a lot of beautiful gardens on our travels, and so we took what we learned to come up these 10 helpful gardening tips.', '"10 Chic Rooftop Bars Around The U.S. (PHOTOS)" is the title for "If you\'re daydreaming about sipping on a perfectly made cocktail a few stories above street level too, check out our selection of the hottest hotel rooftop bars across the country now.".Generate a headline for the following article: Many hotels have on-site bars, even if they\'re merely situated in the glorified outskirts of the lobby, where guests can', '"The Best Road Trips From New York City (PHOTOS)" is the title for "Home to about 8 million folks -- and tons of our readers -- the Big Apple is a behemoth destination to explore itself. But should you be longing to escape the crowded streets, know you\'re in similar company: New York\'s residents seemingly flock out town every Friday.".Generate a headline for the following article: We have a special spot in our heart for hipster travelers. They, like us, have high standards when it comes to choosing a hotel. They\'ll often gravitate toward spots that are uber-trendy, quirky, or extremely green.', '"Top 5 Summer Activities in New England (PHOTOS)" is the title for "In New England come the warmer months, the region turns into a bustling destination with beachgoers, outdoors enthusiasts, foodies and even visitors whose only plans are to watch the world go by from a chair on the front porch of a quaint B&B.".Generate a headline for the following article: Those same bunny hills and black diamonds turn into fun hiking trails and mountain bike circuits when the snow melts, and the dining and drinking is taken outdoors, bringing a lively atmosphere to long, sunny summer days.', '"Irish Winter Wonderland: Our 9 Favorite Hotel Features To Keep You Toasty (PHOTOS)" is the title for "When it comes to cozy winter charm -- roaring fires, hot (and strong!) drinks and snug nooks -- it\'s hard to top Ireland. Though winter is the off season for the Emerald Isle, it can be a magical time to visit.".Generate a headline for the following article: Being one of the northernmost capitals in Europe gets you a reputation as a cold place, but that doesn\'t mean Stockholm doesn\'t offer myriad activities and during the warm summer months.', '"Your End Of Summer Guide To Myrtle Beach, SC: What To Do And Where To Stay (PHOTOS)" is the title for "We\'ve come up with a guide to the must-do activities in Myrtle Beach, and where to stay when you\'re there. Get inspired and soak up these last few weeks of summer in this beachy hotspot.".Generate a headline for the following article: We\'ve done some digging into Disney\'s digs and have found the resorts that\'ll best suit all types of Disney-bound fanatics. Whether you\'re planning a girls\' getaway or a family vacation, Disney World can be just the spot to relax, reconnect -- and most importantly -- have the time of your life.']